{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\fmodern Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s252\keepn 
\b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info
{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo9\dy2\hr16\min7}{\version1}{\edmins33}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain 
\f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} ASTRO For Windows.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} TABLE_CONTENTS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} 
ASTRO For Windows;Command Line Options;File List Screen;Text View Screen;Graphics View Screen}}ASTRO For Windows.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par {\b\fs28\uldb Command Line Options.}{\v\fs28 CMD_LINE}{\b\fs28 
\par }{\b\fs28\uldb File List Screen.}{\v\fs28 HELPID_FLIST}{\b\fs28 
\par }{\b\fs28\uldb Text View Screen.}{\v\fs28 HELPID_FVIEW}{\b\fs28 
\par }{\b\fs28\uldb Graphics View Screen.}{\v\fs28 HELPID_GRAPHICS}{\b\fs28 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} CMD_LINE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K
} Command Line Options}}Command Line Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par To Start ASTRO From within Windows Click on the ASTRO for Windows Icon in the ASTRO For Windows Group Box.
\par 
\par {\b To View A Text file:}
\par 
\par {\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -VT NATAL0.OUT}{\fs28 
\par }NATAL.OUT{ is located in the} ASTRO directory or the USER directory if you have one.
\par {
\par }{\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -VT C:\\FILES\\NATAL0.OUT}{\fs28 
\par }
\par {\b To View A Graphics file:}
\par 
\par {\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -V}{\b\fs26 G}{\b\fs26  NATAL0.}{\b\fs26 GRA}{\fs28 
\par }NATAL.GRA{ is located in the} ASTRO directory or the USER directory if you have one.
\par {
\par }{\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -V}{\b\fs26 G}{\b\fs26  C:\\FILES\\NATAL0.}{\b\fs26 GRA}{\fs28 
\par }
\par {\b To Print A Text file:}
\par 
\par {\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -}{\b\fs26 P}{\b\fs26 T NATAL0.OUT}{\fs28 
\par }NATAL.OUT{ is located in the} ASTRO directory or the USER directory if you have one.
\par {
\par }{\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -}{\b\fs26 P}{\b\fs26 T C:\\FILES\\NATAL0.OUT}{\fs28 
\par }
\par {\b To View A Graphics file:}
\par 
\par {\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -}{\b\fs26 PG}{\b\fs26  NATAL0.}{\b\fs26 GRA}{\fs28 
\par }NATAL.GRA{ is located in the} ASTRO directory or the USER directory if you have one.
\par {
\par }{\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW -}{\b\fs26 PG}{\b\fs26  C:\\FILES\\NATAL0.}{\b\fs26 GRA}{\fs28 
\par }
\par 
\par {\b To Open a User File List:
\par 
\par }{\b\fs26 C:\\ASTRO\\}{\b\fs26 ASTROW }{\b\fs26 -OU C:\\FILES}{\b\fs26 \\}{\b\fs26 USER.AFL}{\fs28 
\par }
\par 
\par }