{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo9\dy2\hr12\min41}{\version1}{\edmins26}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj 
\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Comment Editor.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_COMMENT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Comment Editor;Comment Files;.CMT}}Comment Editor.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this to edit comment files. A comment file is a special text file that can be printed out with specific ASTRO output report files. A comment file belongs to only one report.
\par 
\par Choose FILE/SAVE Comment File to save the file, and choose the System menu and Close to exit.
\par 
\par For a Main Heading, Surround a line of text in '[' and ']'. For example:
\par {\plain \f3\cf6 [THINGS TO WATCH OUT FOR]}
\par \tab If you want to use a '[' or ']' character in your text without it being a heading, precede it with a '~' character.
\par 
\par For Bold Text, Surround text with '\{' and '\}'. For example:
\par {\cf6 This is an example of \{}{\b\cf6 Bold}{\cf6 \} text.}
\par \tab If you want to use a '\{' or '\}' character in your text without it being a heading, precede it with a '~' character.
\par 
\par For Underscored or Italic Text, Surround text with '<' and '>'. For example:
\par {\cf6 This is an example of <}{\i\cf6 Italic}{\cf6 > text.}
\par \tab If you want to use a '<' or '>' character in your text without it being a heading, precede it with a '~' character.
\par 
\par {\b\f4\fs28\cf2 KEYS:}{\b\f4\fs28 
\par }
\par \pard \tx1800 {\b PAGEUP\tab }Go Up One Screen.{\b 
\par PAGE DOWN\tab }Go Down One Screen{\b 
\par DOWN\tab }Go Down One Line.{\b 
\par UP\tab }Go Up One Line.{\b 
\par HOME\tab }Go to the Beginning of Line.{\b 
\par END\tab }Go to the End of Line.{\b 
\par LEFT\tab }Move Cursor  Left.{\b 
\par RIGHT\tab }Move Cursor{\b  } Right.{\b 
\par CTRL+HOME\tab }Move to the Beginning of the File.
\par {\b CTRL+END\tab }Move to the End of the File.
\par {\b SHIFT+DEL}\tab Cut and Copy marked text to the Clipboard.
\par \tab {\i See Also} {\b\uldb EDIT/CUT.}{\v IDM_ECUT}
\par {\b CTRL+INS}\tab Copy to the Clipboard.
\par \tab {\i See Also} {\b\uldb EDIT/COPY.}{\v IDM_ECOPY}
\par {\b SHIFT+INS}\tab Paste From the Clipboard.
\par \tab {\i See Also} {\b\uldb EDIT/PASTE.}{\v IDM_EPASTE}
\par {\b DEL}\tab Delete Marked Text.
\par \tab {\i See Also} {\b\uldb EDIT/DELETE.}{\v IDM_EDEL
\par }
\par }