{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\fnil CJNPi1;}{\f6\fnil AstGlyphs;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{
\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\sa240\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sl240 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext2 Points;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo8\dy14\hr16\min47}{\version1}{\edmins813}
{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Button.}#{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnHELP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Help;buttons}}Help Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Help button brings up this help screen. You can also access this by pressing F1 or Selecting Help from the menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} OK Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnOK}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} OK;buttons}}OK Button.

\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the OK button causes the dialog box or screen's data to be checked to make sure that it is correct. This tells ASTRO that it is ok to go on.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Cancel Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnCANCEL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cancel;buttons} }
Cancel Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Cancel Button, lets you exit this screen or dialog box without saving the data. It also allows you to cancel the operation that this dialog box or screen controls.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Archive Name & Path.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} arcpath}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Archive Path;Archive Information}}Archive Name & Path.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Enter the Name of the archive that you want to dearchive from or archive to. you don't need to use the file extension, but you do need the directory and disk if they are not in your current directory.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Archive Program.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} archprog}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Archive Information;PKZIP;LHA}}Archive Program.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par These Buttons allow you to select the program that you use to archive your files with. You can use either LHA.EXE or PKZIP.EXE/PKUNZIP.EXE. LHA uses the .LZH file extension and PKZIP/PKUNZIP uses the .ZIP file extension.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Delete Archived Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} arcdel}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Archives;Delete Files;Kill Files}}Delete Archived Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you have the button selected the files that you are archiving will be killed after they are archived. While these are being killed, you can decide on a file-by-file basis whether you want to kill (or delete) each file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Archive Program Command String.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} arcprogstr}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Archives;Control String;PKZIP;LHA}}Archive Program Command String.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par These allow you to control how these programs operate. Using the radio button {\uldb Archive Program}{\v archprog} Button sets up the initial command string. Use this field to customize this field. %s is a file name to be used.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Archive Information}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Archive Information;PKZIP;LHA}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_ARCHIVE}}Archive Information.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use Archiving to compress and store your astrological charts for future use. Enter Information here to control the archiving process.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sl240 \f3 {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Archive Name & Path.}{\v arcpath}
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Archive Program.}{\v archprog}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Delete Archived Files.}{\v arcdel}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Archive Program Command String.}{\v arcprogstr}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit File Name.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} filename_name}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File Name;Person's Name;File List}}Name.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 In the Name field, enter the name that you want to associate with this chart. This helps you keep track of (and locate later) the charts that you have done for this individual.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit File Comments.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} filename_comments}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File Name;Comments;File :List}}Comments.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 In the Comments field, enter the Comments that you want to associate with this chart. This helps you keep track of (and locate later) the charts that you have done for this individual.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit File Name--Chart Type.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} filename_chartype}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File Name;Chart Type;File List}}Chart Type.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the type of the file that you are creating or modifying.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit File--Actual File Name.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} filename_fname}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File Name;Actual File Name;File :List}}File Name.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the actual name of the file that you are modifying, or killing. Files that end in .are Graphic files. Files that end in .OUT are text files.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Enter Chart file Info.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_ENFNAMEC}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File List;Name & Comments}}Enter Chart File Info.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This screen allows you to Enter Information that allows you to keep track of the files that you create with ASTRO. These names are printed on each report and are kept in the file list so you can find these files later.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\sl240 \f3 {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Name.}{\v filename_name}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Comments.}{\v filename_comments}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Chart Type.}{\v filename_chartype}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Chart file Info.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_EDFNAMEC}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File List;Name & Comments}}Edit Chart File Info.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This screen allows you to Edit and modify Information that allows you to keep track of the files that you create with ASTRO. These names are printed on each report and are kept in the file list so you can find these files later.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Name.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_name}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Comments.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_comments}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Chart Type.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_chartype}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb File Name.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_fname}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Continue To Ask? check box.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} cbxCONTASK}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Continue To Ask;Check Boxes;Deleting files}}Continue To Ask? check box
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you are deleting multiple files and you select OK--Delete, and you turn off this option, all the selected files will be deleted, otherwise you will be asked about each file.
\par 
\par If you are deleting multiple files and you select NO--Don't, and you turn off this option, none of the selected files will be deleted, otherwise this file will be skipped and will be asked about each file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} "OK--Kill" Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnOKKILL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 "OK--Kill";buttons;Deleting files}}OK--Delete" Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the "OK--Delete" button causes the file that is described here to be deleted. See the section on the "{\uldb Continue To Ask}{\v cbxCONTASK}" check box.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} "NO--Don't" Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnNODONT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} "NO--Don't";bu
ttons;Deleting files}}"No--Don't" Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the "No--Don't" Causes the file to be skipped or the process of deleting files aborted entirely depending on how you have the "{\uldb Continue To Ask}{\v cbxCONTASK}" check box set.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Kill file, Chart file Info.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_KLFNAMEC}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File List;Name & Comments}}Kill File, Chart File Info.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This screen allows you to see the Information on this file and determine if it gets deleted.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Name.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_name}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Comments.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_comments}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Chart Type.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_chartype}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb File Name.}{\plain \v\f3 filename_fname}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Continue To Ask Check Box.}{\plain \v\f3 cbxCONTASK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb "OK--Kill" Button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOKKILL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb "NO--Don't" Button..}{\plain \v\f3 btnNODONT}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel Button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 .
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Editor Program and Path.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} editpath}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} File name and path;Editor;Options}}Editor Program and Path
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the file name of the Editing program that you are going to use to edit the file. If the program is in your Windows directory, you can just enter the program's name, otherwise you need to enter the full file name.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Editor Program Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} editopt}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Options;Editor}}Options
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par These are the options that you need to get your file editor to open a file. %s stands for the file name. Usually this is just a %s.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Editor Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_EDITOPT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit File;Options}}Editor Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This screen allows you to use a word processing program that you are comfortable with to edit your ASTRO files. The file is converted to the file type that you select in the Text File Conversion Dialog Box.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Editor Program and Path.}{\plain \v\f3 editpath}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Options.}{\plain \v\f3 editopt}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Data Font Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnDATAFONT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Data Font;Graphics;buttons;Fonts}}Data Font Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Data Font Button, lets you select the font that the Various chart data is printed in.Both a Bold and a regular weight are needed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Glyph Font Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnGLYPHFONT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Glyph Font;Graphics;buttons;Fonts}}Font Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Font Button, lets you select the font that the Actual Planets and the degrees are printed in, when the graphics are viewed and printed.One font is provided here, but if you can produce ATM Type 1 fonts or TrueType fonts you can create your ow
n font. Planet information can be printed as {\f6 a 9w18 }or {\f6 SU 9ARI18 }
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphic Font Options}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_GRAFONT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Graphics;Fonts;Options}}Graphic Font Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box allows you to customize the fonts that ASTRO uses when printing and viewing graphics.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Data Font.}{\plain \v\f3 btnDATAFONT}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Font.}{\plain \v\f3 btnGLYPHFONT}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard 
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Main Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} mainDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Main Directory}}Main Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the main directory where {\cf1 the program} is located
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} helpDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Help Directory}}Help Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the ASTRO-Helper files and Windows Help file For ASTRO are located.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Database Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} databDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Database Directory}}Database Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the database files are located.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Data Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} dataDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Data Directory}}Data Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the data for the program is located.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} User Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} userDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;User Directory}}User Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the files that ASTRO creates are created.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Directory Setup}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_DIRECT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Directories;Options}}Directory Setup:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you change the directories where ASTRO finds its files.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Main Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 mainDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 helpDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Database Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 databDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Data Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 dataDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb User Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 userDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f4\cf2 \page }{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progression System.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} progrsys}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data;Progressions Data;Progression System}}Progression System.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Select the Progression system. The most common Progression system is the "Secondary (Day for a Year of Life)" method. ASTRO also supports "Tertiary (Day for a Lunar Month)" and "Minor (Lunar Month for a Solar Year)"
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progression Years.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} progYears}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data Screens;Progressions Data;Progression Years}}Years.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This field indicates the number of years to progress. This is usually the age at which to analyze, for Example 50. If the {\uldb Target Check Box}{\v ProgTarget} below is checked, this should be the Year of the age, for example 1993.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progression Months.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} progMonths}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data Screens;Progressions Data;Progression Months}}Months.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This field indicates the number of months to progress. If the Target Check Box below is checked, this should be the Month of the target Date. If the {\uldb Target Check Box}{\v ProgTarget}
 is not checked and you want your Progressed Ascendant to match the results of other programs or Manual calculations, set this field to 0.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progression Days.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} progDays}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data Screens;Progressions Data;Progression Days}}Days.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This field indicates the number of days to progress. If the Target Check Box below is checked, this should be the Day of the target Date. If the {\uldb Target Check Box}{\v ProgTarget} is not checked and you want yo
ur Progressed Ascendant to match the results of other programs or Manual calculations, set this field to 0.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Check if Date Above is Target.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ProgTarget}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data Screens;Progressions Data;Check if Target}}Check if Date Above is Target.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If this field is checked, the date above is the date to Progress the Birth to. In this case the difference between the target date and the birth date is taken and this is converted to years. If this field is not checked, this is the actual number of Month
s, Days and Years to Progress.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progressions Data.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_PROGR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Progressions Data;Data Screens}}Progression Data:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you enter Progression Data.
\par \pard \sl240 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Progression System.}{\v progrsys}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Months to Progess.}{\v ProgMonths}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Days to Progess.}{\v ProgDays}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Years to Progess.}{\v ProgYears}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Check if Date Above is Target Date.}{\v ProgTarget}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f4\cf2 \page }{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Regular Style.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} regStyle}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Regular Style;Colors;Fonts;Styles}}Regular Style.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select fonts and colors that are available. This is the color and font for the {\cf6 regular} text.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Bold Style.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} boldStyle}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Bold Style;Colors;Fonts;Styles}}
Bold Style.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select fonts and colors that are available. This is the color and font for the {\b\cf6 Bold} text.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Headline Style.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} headStyle}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Headline Style;Colors;Fonts;Styles}}Headline Style.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select fonts and colors that are available. This is the color and font for the {\b\cf6 Main} Headlines.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Italic Style.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} italicStyle}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Italic Style;Colors;Fonts;Styles}}Italic Style.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select fonts and colors that are available. This is the color and font for the {\i\cf6 Italic} text.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Styles Dialog Box.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_STYLE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Styles Dialog Box;Colors;Fonts;Styles}}Styles Dialog Box:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you select fonts for Printing, viewing and file conversions
\par \pard \sl240 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Regular Style.}{\plain \v\f3 regStyle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Bold Style.}{\plain \v\f3 boldStyle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Headline Style.}{\plain \v\f3 headStyle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Italic Style.}{\plain \v\f3 italicStyle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Background Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} backColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Background Color;Colors;Graphics}}Background Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Background Color.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Sign Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} signColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Sign Color;Colors;Graphics}}
Sign Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Color of the Sign Lines, and Sign Glyphs and Names.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} House Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} houseColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} House Color;Colors;Graphics}}
House Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Color of the House Number, Lines and Degrees.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Planet Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} planColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Planet Color;Colors;Graphics}}
Planet Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Color of the Planet Names, degrees and Glyphs.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Ascend Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ascendColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Ascendant Color;Colors;Graphics}}Ascend Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Color of the Ascendant Degree, lines and Glyphs.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Bright Sign Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bsignColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Bright Sign Color;Colors;Graphics}}Bright Sign Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Bright Version of the Sign Color.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Bright House Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bhouseColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Bright House Color;Colors;Graphics}}Bright House Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Bright Version of the House Color.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Bright Planet Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bplanColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Bright Planet Color;Colors;Graphics}}Bright Planet Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Bright Version of the Planet Color.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Circle Color}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} circleColor}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Circle Color;Colors;Graphics}
}Circle Color.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Clicking this Button brings up a dialog box to allow you to select colors that are available. This is the {\b\cf6 Color of the Circles.}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphics Colors Dialog Box.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_GCOLOR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Graphic Colors Dialog Box;Colors;Graphics}}Graphic Colors Dialog Box:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you select the colors that are used on the graphics. This applies to Viewing Graphics, file conversions and printing on color printers.
\par \pard \sl240 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Background Color.}{\v backColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Sign Color.}{\v signColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb House Color.}{\v houseColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Planet Color.}{\v planColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Ascend Color.}{\v ascendColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Bright Sign Color.}{\v bsignColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Bright House Color.}{\v bhouseColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Bright Planets Color.}{\v bplanColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Circle Color.}{\v circleColor}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Start Head String}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} sHead}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Start Head String;File Conversions;ASCII}}Start Head.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 before each head.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} End Head String}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} eHead}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 End Head String;File Conversions;ASCII}}End Head.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 after each head.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Start Bold String}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} sBold}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Start Bold String;File Conversions;ASCII}}Start Bold.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 before each section of Bold text.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} End Bold String}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} eBold}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 End Bold String;File Conversions;ASCII}}End Bold.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 after each section of Bold text.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Start Underscore String}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} sScore}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Start Underscore String;File Conversions;ASCII}}Start Underscore.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 before each section of Underscored} or Italic text.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} End Underscore String.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} eScore}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 End Underscore g;File Conversions;ASCII}}End Underscore.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This string is output into an Pseudo ASCII coded text file {\cf6 after each section of Underscored} or Italic text.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Pseudo ASCII Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_PSEUDO}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Pseudo ASCII Options;File Conversions;ASCII}}Pseudo ASCII Options:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you enter control strings for word processing conversions. This screen only applies to the Coded ASCII Text file conversions.
\par \pard \sl240 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Start Head String.}{\plain \v\f3 sHead}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb End Head String.}{\plain \v\f3 eHead}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Start Bold String.}{\plain \v\f3 sBold}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb End Bold String.}{\plain \v\f3 eBold}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Start Underscore String.}{\plain \v\f3 sScore}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb End Underscore String.}{\plain \v\f3 eScore}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Left Margin}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} lMarg}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Left Margin Width;File Conversions}
}Left Margin.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the indent of the left margin (in inches) when converting files to word processing documents.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Text File Width}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} tWidth}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Text File Width;File Conversions}}Text File Width.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the width of the text (in inches) when converting files to word processing documents.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Convert Comment Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} cComt}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Convert Comment Files;File Conversions}}Convert Comment Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you have create comment files and want to convert those to word processing documents, check this field. The comment file will be converted as a separate page in the document.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Convert Cover Page.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} cCvrPg}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Convert Cover Pages;File Conversions}}Convert Cover Pages.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you have create cover pages and want to convert those to word processing documents, check this field. The cover page file will be converted as a separate, first page in the document.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page File Format.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the File format of the file that you want to convert.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page Setup Styles.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you have selected a RTF format file type, which will work well with Microsoft Word and Word For Windows, this button will allow you to set the font, size, and color for each attribute.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Setup Styles Dialog Box.}{\b\v HELPID_DLG_STYLE}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page Pseudo ASCII.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you have selected a Coded ASCII file type, this dialog box sets up the conversion strings that are used to convert to coded ASCII text files.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Pseudo ASCII Dialog Box.}{\v HELPID_DLG_PSEUDO}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 \page ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} File Conversion Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_FCONV}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 File Conversion Options;File Conversions}}File Conversion Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you set the file conversion options that are used when you convert files for word processing or editing.
\par \pard \sl240 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Left Margin.}{\plain \v\f3 lMarg}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Text File Width.}{\plain \v\f3 tWidth}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Convert Comment.}{\plain \v\f3 cComt}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Convert Cover Page.}{\plain \v\f3 cCvrPg}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb File Format.}{\plain \v\f3 fFormat}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Setup Styles.}{\plain \v\f3 sStyles}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Pseudo ASCII.}{\plain \v\f3 psASCII}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Printers List}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} printersList}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Printers;Printers List;Printer Setup}}Printers List.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Select from this List a printer. If you don't see the printer/port/driver combination that you want, you will need to add that printer driver from Windows control panel.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Setup...Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnSETUP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Setup;buttons;Printer Setup}}
Setup... Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Selecting this button will call up the Printer Setup dialog Box. This allows you to customize the way the printer prints out.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Setup...Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnOPTIONS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;buttons;Printer Setup}}Options... Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Selecting this button will call up the Print Options dialog box for this printer setup.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Setup Printer.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_SETPR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Setup Printer;Printing;Printing Graphics;Printing Text}}Setup Printer.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box allows you to pick a printer and setup the printer and setup printing options.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Printers List.}{\plain \v\f3 printersList}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Setup... button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnSETUP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Options... button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOPTIONS}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Image To Display}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} imgDisp}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;Image To Display}}Image To Display.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the glyph or graphic you want to print at the top left corner of the cover page. If you want to use a graphic file, select User File Graphic.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Font File To Use.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} fontFile}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;Font File To Use}}Font File To Use.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par There are several font files that the images used on cover pages come from. This field selects the font file to use.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} File Name of Graphic.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graphFile}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;File name of Graphic}}File Name of Graphic.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If Image To Display is User File Graphic, this field contains the file name of a graphic to print. This can be a .PCX, .TIF, or.BMP file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Cover Page Title.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} cPageTitle}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;Cover Page Title}}Cover Page Title.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This will be the title on the Cover Page that will be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Subject Name.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} subjName}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;Subject's Name}}Subject Name.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Subject's name that will appear on the cover page that will be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Comments.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} cpComments}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page;Font File To Use}}Comments.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par You can type in comments that will appear at the bottom of the Cover Page.
\par \tab If you want to include Italic or Underline text, surround it in < and >. If you want to include Bold text, surround it in \{ and \}. If you want to include a Headline, surround it in [ and ]. 
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Cover Page Information.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_CPAGE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cover Page Information;File List;Cover Pages}}Cover Page Information.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you enter cover page information for this file.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Image To Display.}{\plain \v\f3 imgDisp}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Font File To Use.}{\plain \v\f3 fontFile}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb File Name of Graphic.}{\plain \v\f3 graphFile}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cover Page Title.}{\plain \v\f3 cPageTitle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Subject's Name.}{\plain \v\f3 subjName}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Comments.}{\plain \v\f3\uldb cpC}{\plain \v\f3 omments}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Left.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} psLeftM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Setup;Left Margin;Margins}}Left.

\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Left margin on the printed page. This is used for both Graphics and Text Reports. This is entered in Inches. 1\'bd inches is entered as 1.50.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Right.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} psRightM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Setup;Right Margin;Margins}}
Right.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Right margin on the printed page. This is used for both Graphics and Text Reports.This is entered in Inches. 1\'bd inches is entered as 1.50.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Top.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} psTopM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Setup;Top Margin;Margins}}Top.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Top margin on the printed page. This is used for both Graphics and Text Reports.This is entered in Inches. 1\'bd inches is entered as 1.50.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Bottom.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} psBottomM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Setup;Bottom Margin;Margins}}
Bottom.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Bottom margin on the printed page. This is used for both Graphics and Text Reports.This is entered in Inches. 1\'bd inches is entered as 1.50.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Page Setup.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_PAGEOPT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Page Setup;Margins;Printing}}Page Setup.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box allows to you control the page margins on printed Graphics and Text Reports.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Left Margin.}{\plain \v\f3 psLeftM}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Right Margin.}{\plain \v\f3 psRightM}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Top Margin.}{\plain \v\f3 psTopM}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Bottom Margin.}{\plain \v\f3 psBottomM}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} The Caret.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} defCaret}}The entry that is surrounded by the dotted line is the "Caret".
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Select Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ahSelFiles}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Select Files;Astro-Helper;Astrology Help;Caret}}Select Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the list of the available Astrology Help Topics.You can select topics by pressing the Space Bar. The {\ul Caret}{\v defCaret} is the currently selected file. You can select more than one file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} View File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ahViewFile}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 View File;Astro-Helper;Astrology Help;Caret}}View File.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This Button views the file, related to a given topic. The file that is viewed is the topic that the {\ul Caret}{\v defCaret} indicates. 
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ahPrintFiles}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print Files;Astro-Helper;Astrology Help}}Print Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This Button prints All the selected files.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Convert Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} ahConvFiles}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Convert Files;Astro-Helper;Astrology Help}}Convert Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This Button converts All the selected files to text.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} ASTRO-Helper Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_ASTHELP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Astro-Helper;Astrology Help}}ASTRO-Helper Files.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box allows you to view, print and convert many different Astrology topics
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Select Files.}{\plain \v\f3 ahSelFiles}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb View File.}{\plain \v\f3 ahViewFile}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Print Files.}{\plain \v\f3 ahPrintFiles}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Convert Files.}{\plain \v\f3 ahConvFiles}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Relocate Chart.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csRelocChart}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Relocate Chart;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Relocate Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want the chart relocated. You must have Relocation data setup. See the Data Menu, Relocation Data menu choice.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progress Chart.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csProgChart}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Progress Chart;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Progress Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want the chart progressed. You must have Progression data setup. See the Data Menu, Progression Data menu choice.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progress Cusps.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csProgCusp}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Progress Cusps;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Progress Houses.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want the houses progressed as part of the progressed chart. You must have Progression data setup, and have Progressed Chart checked off. See the Data Menu, Progression Data menu choice.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Text Chart File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csText}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Text Chart File;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Text Chart File.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want to generate a text report file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphics Cartwheel.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csCartwheel}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Graphics Cartwheel;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Graphics Cartwheel.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want to generate a graphic cartwheel file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Data File(s).}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csDataFile}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data File(s);Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Data File(s).
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this box if you want to generate either a binary or Comma Delimited or Separated (CSV) data file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Data File Type.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} csDataType}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Data File Type;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Data File Type.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Select the type of the data file that you want to generate. You must have Data File(s) checked.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Customize Options}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnCustom}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Customize Options;Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Customize Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This button allows you to customize the Chart Generation options.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} ASTRO-Helper Files.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_CUSTOMIZE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Chart Options;Customize Chart}}Chart Options Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This dialog box allows you to select basic chart generation options. You can select what types of files to generate. With this screen, you can choose to Relocate a chart, Progress a Chart, etc.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Relocate Chart.}{\v csRelocChart}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Progress Chart.}{\v csProgChart}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Progress Cusps.}{\v csProgCusp}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Text Chart File.}{\v csText}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Graphics Cartwheel.}{\v csCartwheel}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Data File(s).}{\v csDataFiles}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Data File Type.}{\v csDataFileType}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Customize Options.}{\v btnCustom}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Cover Page.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrCvrPg}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Cover Page;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print Cover Page.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have created cover pages for your file, checking off this field will cause the cover page to be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Comments.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrCmt}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Comments;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print Comments.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have created comments for your file, checking off this field will cause the comments to be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Comments Before Text.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poCmtB4}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Comments Before Text;Print Options;Printing Text}}Comments Before Text.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have created comments for your file, checking off this field will cause the comments to be printed. before the report, otherwise it will be printed after the report.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Header on Page 1.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poHedP1}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Header on Page 1;Print Options;Printing Text}}Header on Page 1.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you check off this field, a page header will be printed on the first page, otherwise it won't be printed on the first page, but it will be printed on every other page.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Center Heads.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poCtrHed}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print Comments;Print Options;Printing Text}}Center Heads.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you check off this field, all the headings will be centered horizontally on the page.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print All Pages.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrAll}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print All Pages;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print All Pages.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Selecting this Radio button will print all the pages in the file.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Range.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrRange}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print Range;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print Range.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Selecting this Radio button will print only the range of pages selected.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print/Range/From.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrRgFrom.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print/Range/To;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print/Range/From.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have selected Print Range, this will be the first page to be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print/Range/To.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poPrRgTo}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print/Range/To;Print Options;Printing Text}}Print/Range/To.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have selected Print Range, this will be the Last Page to be printed.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Styles Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} poStylesBtn}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Styles Button;Print Options;Printing Text}}Styles Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you select this button you can setup fonts, sizes and colors for printing reports.
\par 
\par \pard {\b\uldb Setup Styles Dialog Box.}{\b\v HELPID_DLG_STYLE}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Options}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_PRINTOPT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print Options;Printing Text}}Print Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 These are options for printing text reports.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print Cover Pages.}{\v poPrCvrPg}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print Comments.}{\v poPrCmt}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Header on Page 1.}{\v poHedP1}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Comments Before Text.}{\v poCmtB4}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Center Heads.}{\v poCtrHed}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print All Pages.}{\v poPrAll}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print Range Radio Button.}{\v poPrRange}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print/Range/From.}{\v poPrRgFrom}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print /Range/To.}{\v poPrRgTo}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Styles Button.}{\v poStylesBtn}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Check if Birth Time is Known.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} brBTKnown}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Check if Birth Time is Known;Birth Rectification;Data Screens}}Check if Birth Time is Known to Within \'b1 1 hour.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you know the birth time, check this field, then Click the OK button and finish the screen. Nothing else is required, otherwise finish this screen.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Birth Rectification Method.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} brRectMethod}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Rectification Method;Birth Rectification;Data Screens}}Birth Rectification Method.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 
Select the Birth Rectification Method that you want to use. If you know a House Cusp or can predict the Coeli or Ascendant, Pick "Use Known Angle". "Solar Chart" makes the ascendant the same as your Sun Sign. "Flat Chart" makes the ascendant 0 degre
es Aries. 
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Birth Time to Use.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} brTrialTime}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Time To Use;Birth Rectification;Data Screens}}Birth Time to Use.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have set {\uldb Birth Rectification Method}{\v brRectMethod} to "Solar Chart" or "Flat Chart", set these fields to "12:00 PM". If you have c
hosen "Sun Rise Birth", set this to the approximate time of Sun rise for that day. If you have chosen "Trial and Error", enter your best guess. If you have chosen "Use Known Angle", enter nothing here, and the final time will be set in these fields.

\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Known Angle to Use.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} brKnownAngle}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Known Angle to Use;Birth Rectification;Data Screens}}Known Angle to Use.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you have set {\uldb Birth Rectification Method}{\v brRectMethod} to "Use Known Angle", use this field to pick the angle to use, and setup the data to use for rectification. Pick the Sign and enter the degrees and minutes.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Rectification Data Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_RECT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Rectification;Data Screens}}Rectification Data Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This screen lets you setup data for birth rectification. If you do not know the birth time, rectification is required.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Check if Birth Time is Known to Within \'b1 1 hour.}{\plain \v\f3 brBTKnown}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Birth Rectification Method.}{\plain \v\f3 brRectMethod}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Trial Birth Time to Use--House/Minutes/AM-PM.}{\plain \v\f3 brTrialTime}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Known Angle to Use--Sign/Degrees/Minutes.}{\plain \v\f3 brKnownAngle}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Number of Transits Charts to do.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} trdTransCount}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Number of Transit Charts to do;Transits Data;Data Screens}}Number of Transit Charts to do.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 When ASTRO does transits, it actually calculates a number of charts at specific intervals, starting at a given date. This is the actual number of charts to do.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Planet Range to Work With.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} trdTransRange}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Planet Range to Work With.;Transits Data;Data Screens}}Planet Range to Work With.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 
When ASTRO does transits, it can limit the range of planets which it will calculate and generate a report. For example Outer planets may not move much when doing a transit chart every day, and you may want to exclude them. The End Planet should be Further
 down the List than the Starting Planet. For Example Mars is Further Down the List than Venus or Mercury.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Separation Period Between Each Transit Chart.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} trdTransSep}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 K} Separation Period Between Each Transit Chart;Transits Data;Data Screens}}Separation Period Between Each Transit Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This is the period between each Transit Chart. If you want ASTRO to do a chart every day, enter 0 and 1. If you want ASTRO to do a chart every week, enter 0 and 7.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Transits Data Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_TRANSD}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Transit Data;Data Screens}}Transits Data Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This screen lets you enter the data for Transits. Enter in the Transits Info Screen the First date and the location. Enter in this Screen, the number of transits, planets involved, and separation period.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Number of Transit Charts To Do.}{\plain \v\f3 trdTransCount}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Planet Range To Work With.}{\plain \v\f3 trdTransRange}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Separation Period Between Each Transit Chart.}{\plain \v\f3 trdTransSep}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f4\cf2 \page }{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Body of Interest.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rtdBody}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Body of Interest;Return Data;Data Screens}}Body of Interest.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the Body to do Return charts for. This is either Sun or Moon.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Starting Date.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rtdStartD}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Starting Date;Return Data;Data Screens}}Starting Date.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This is the Starting date to do Return charts for.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Ending Date.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rtdEndD}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Ending Date;Return Data;Data Screens}}Ending Date.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This is the Ending date to do Return charts for.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Progress Return Chart.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rtdProgC}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Progress Return Chart;Return Data;Data Screens}}Progress Return Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check This Box if you want to progress the birth date before calculating returns. These will be returns to the Progressed Sun or Moon. If you check this off, enter the additional data below.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Return Data.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_RETURN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Return Data;Data Screens}}Return Data.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you enter Return Data. When ASTRO calculates return dates, ASTRO finds dates that the body of interest returns to where it was when the subject was born.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Body Of Interest.}{\v rtdBody}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Starting Date.}{\v rtdStartD}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Ending Date.}{\v rtdEndD}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Progress Return Chart.}{\v rtdProgC}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Progression System.}{\v progrsys}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Months to Progess.}{\v ProgMonths}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Days to Progess.}{\v ProgDays}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Years to Progess.}{\v ProgYears}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Check if Date Above is Target Date.}{\v ProgTarget}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Aspect Context.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeAspectContext}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Aspect Context;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}Aspect Context.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Different sets of Aspects are used in calculating different charts. Use this field to select the type of aspects and the type of chart to calculate. Select the Aspect Context, make your changes, and press OK.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Aspect.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeAspect}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Aspect;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}Aspect.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the aspect that the orb applies to.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Degrees:Minutes.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeDegMin}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Aspect;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}Degrees:Minutes.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Enter the Aspect orb. For Example if you enter 01:30, the aspect orb is 1 degree and 30 minutes before and after the exact angle.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Include.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeInclude}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Include;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}Include.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you check this field, the aspect will be calculated in the report. If you don't check off the field, the aspect will not be calculated.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Non-Planet Orb.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeNonPlanet}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Non-Planet Orb;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}Non-Planet Orb.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par All Aspects between, Coeli, Immun Coeli, Ascendant, and Point of Fortune, and planets use this orb.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} House Cusp Orb.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} oeHouseCusp}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} House Cusp Orb;Orb Editor;Options Screens}}House Cusp Orb.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par All Aspects between House Cusps and planets use this orb.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} PRO}}{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Orbs Data.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_DLG_EDITORB}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit Orb Data;Options Screens;Orb Editor}}Edit Orb Data.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you customize the orbs and select the aspects that you want to use.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Aspect Context.}{\plain \v\f3 oeAspectContext}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Aspect.}{\plain \v\f3 oeAspect}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Degrees:Minutes.}{\plain \v\f3 oeDegMin}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Include.}{\plain \v\f3 oeInclude}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Non-Planet Orb.}{\plain \v\f3 oeNonPlanet}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb House Cusp Orb.}{\plain \v\f3 oeHouseCusp}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show Sign Names.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoSignName}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show Sign Names;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show Sign Names.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display of Sign Names in the graphics screen around the outside. If Glyphs are being used, then Glyphs will be used, otherwise the names will be used. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show House Cusp Numbers.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoHouseNum}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show House Cusp Numbers;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show House Numbers.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display of House Numbers in the graphics screen around the outside or in the middle. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show House Cusp Degrees.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoHouseDeg}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show House Cusp Degrees;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show House Degrees.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display of House Degrees in the graphics screen around the outside of the cartwheel. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show Aspect Lines.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoShowAspt}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show Aspect Lines;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display of Aspect Lines on the graphics screen, located in the middle of the wheel. Aspect lines are only shown in Natal or Relocated c
harts, where the charts are compiled with aspects. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show Aspect Grid.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoShowAGrid}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show Aspect Grid;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show Aspect Grid.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display
 of the Aspect Grid on the graphics screen, located at the bottom right. The Aspect Grid is shown on all types of charts where the charts are compiled with aspects. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Use Glyphs.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoUseGlyphs}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Use Glyphs;Glyphs;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Use Glyphs.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the use of Glyphs in the Graphics Cartwheel. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Show Sign Lines.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoShowSlin}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Show Sign Lines;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Show Sign Lines.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on or off the display of Sign Lines in the Graphics Cartwheel. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Sign Tick Wheel.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoSignTick}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Sign Tick Wheel;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Sign Tick Wheel.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on of off the display of Sign Tick Wheels. A Sign Tick Wheel is an outer circle showing the Signs, and uses the glyphs. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Decan Tick Wheel.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoDecTick}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Decan Tick Wheel;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Decan Tick Wheel.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on of off the display of Decan Tick Wheels. A Decan Tick Wheel is an outer circle, but inside the Sign Tick Wheel, showing the Decans of the signs. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Degree Tick Wheel.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoDegTick}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Degree Tick Wheel;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Degree Tick Wheel.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box turns on of off the display of Degree Tick Wheels. A Degree Tick Wheel is an outer circle, but inside the Decan or Sign Tick Wheel, showing the Degrees. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} House Numbers Outside.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoHousOuts}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 House Numbers Outside;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}House Numbers Outside.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box selects whether to display the House Cusp Numbers outside the wheel or at the center of the wheel. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Plot Classically.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoPlotClassic}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Plot Classical;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Plot Classically.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This check box selects whether to display the Planets and Sign Degrees horizontally plotted approximately where they should be or display them on angles into the wheel. This Command Can also be accessed through the Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 {\f3 \page }{\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Font Size Factor.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoFontSize}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Font Size Factor;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Font Size Factor.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This control allows you to change the size of the text on the graphics screen or graphics printout. A setting of 100 is normal, a larger number represents
 a proportionally larger font, a smaller number represents a proportionally smaller font size.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Colors Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoColors}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Colors Button;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Colors Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This button allows you to customize the colors on the screen or the printout. This number does not apply if you are printing to a B&W printer 
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Graphic Colors Dialog Box.}{\v HELPID_DLG_GCOLOR}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Fonts Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} graoFonts}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Fonts Button;Graphics;Graphics Options;Option Screens}}Fonts Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This button allows you to customize the fonts that are used for graphics. You can change the font used for the labels, and maybe able at a later date to supply a different glyph font.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Graphic Fonts Dialog Box.}{\v HELPID_DLG_GRAFONT}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphic Wheel Options.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_GRAPHOPT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Graphic Wheel Options;Options Screens;Orb Editor}}Graphic Wheel Options.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This screen allows you to change options relating to the graphics screen. These will apply to graphics viewing or graphics printing, but not both.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Sign Names.}{\v graoSignName}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show House Cusp Degrees.}{\v graoHouseDeg}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show House Cusp Numbers.}{\v graoHouseNum}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Sign Lines.}{\v graoShowSlin}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Aspect Lines.}{\v graoShowAspt}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Aspect Grid.}{\v graoShowAGrid}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Use Glyphs.}{\v graoUseGlyphs}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb House Numbers Outside.}{\v graoHousOuts}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Plot Classically.}{\v graoPlotClassic}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Sign Tick Wheel.}{\v graoSignTick}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Decan Tick Wheel.}{\v graoDecTick}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Degree Tick Wheel.}{\v graoDegTick}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Font Size Factor.}{\v graoFontSize}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Colors Button.}{\v graoColors}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Fonts Button.}{\v graoFonts}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Tropical or Sidereal Chart.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osTropSide}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Tropical or Sidereal Chart;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Tropical or Sidereal Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 A Normal astrological chart is a Tropical chart. "Sidereal Time" should not be confused with a Sidereal chart. Sidereal time means star time. 0 degrees Aires in a Tr
opical chart coincides with the Vernal Equinox, or the first day of spring. 0 degrees Aires in a Sidereal chart coincides with the first Point of the Constellation Aires. The difference between a Sidereal chart and a Tropical chart is about 24 degrees and
 changes every year. Sidereal charts are usually only done by advanced astrologers in Europe or Asia.
\par {\b\cf1 
\par NOTE:}{\b\cf6  Sidereal Charts are only for Advanced Astrologers.}
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Find Houses.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osFindHouses}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Find Houses;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Find Houses.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to calculate House Cusps.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Find Aspects.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osFindAspects}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Find Aspects;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Find Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to find Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Find Extended Aspects.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osFindExtAspects}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Find Extended Aspects;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Find Extended Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to Find all available Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Miscellaneous Info.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osMiscInfo}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Miscellaneous Info;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Miscellaneous Info.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to find your Miscellaneous information such as Decans, Anaretic or Critical degrees.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Extended Miscellaneous Info.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osExtMiscInfo}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Extended Miscellaneous Info;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Extended Miscellaneous Info.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to find additional miscellaneous information such as Duads, Duad Rulers, Navasmas, Navasma Rulers. It also will tell if a sign is Combust, Detriment, Exalted, or in Fall.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Summary at End of Report.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osSummary}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Summary at End of Report;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Summary At End of Report.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to print off the summary at the end of a Natal, Compatibility, Relocation or Composite Report.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Vertext and East Point.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osVertEast}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Vertext and East Point;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Vertex and East Point.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Check off this Check Box if you want to calculate the Vertex and East Point in a chart. The Vertex and East Point are theoretical points. No interpretation is available at this time.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Text in Report.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osPrintText}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Print Text in Report;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Print Text in Report.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Check off this Check Box if you want to print the text in interpreted reports.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} House Procedure.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} osHouseProc}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 House Procedure;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}House Procedure.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This Field allows you to select among different house procedures or systems. These are used to calculate house cusps. You may want to try different House procedures to determine which suits your needs best. Certain house cusp procedures (Placidus and Koch
 most notable) don't work at high latitude degrees.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Basic Midpoints.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 #} osBaseMid}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Basic Midpoints;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Basic Midpoints.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 If you check this box, ASTRO will calculate midpoints between the Moon's North Node and South Node, Coeli, and Immun Coeli.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} One-Half Midpoints.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 #} osHalfMid}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} One-Half Midpoints;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}One-Half Midpoints.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par If you do midpoints between planets, there are always two midpoints for every pair of planets. If you check this box, ASTRO will calculate midpoints between all the planets, but only one-half of the midpoints will be calculated.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Full Midpoints.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 
#} osFullMid}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Full Midpoints;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Full Midpoints.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par If you check this box, ASTRO will calculate midpoints between all the planets.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 *{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 *} DELUXE}}{\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Aspects With Midpoints.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 #} osMidAsp}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Aspects With Midpoints;Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Aspects With Midpoints.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par If you check this box, ASTRO will determine all aspects between all midpoints calculated.
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Chart Options Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_CHTOPT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Chart Options Screen;Option Screens}}Chart Options Screen.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog Box allows you to customize the options used when ASTRO calculates your charts.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Tropical or Sidereal.}{\v osTropSide}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Find Houses.}{\v osFindHouses}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Find Aspects.}{\v osFindAspects}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Find Extended Aspects.}{\v osFindExtAspects}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Miscellaneous Info.}{\v osMiscInfo}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Extended Misc. Info.}{\v osExtMiscInfo}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Summary At End of Report.}{\v osSummary}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb House Procedure.}{\v osHouseProc}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Vertex and East Point.}{\v osVertEast}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Print Text in Report.}{\v osPrintText}
\par {\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf6 Midpoint Options:}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Basic Midpoints.}{\v osBaseMid}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb One-Half Midpoints.}{\v osHalfMid}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Full Midpoints.}{\v osFullMid}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Aspects With Midpoints.}{\v osMidAsp}
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Country.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsCountry}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Country;Reloction Data Screen;Birth Info Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Country.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This field allows you to select Countries from ASTRO's location Database. When you select a country, the State and Location fields's contents are replaced with the first valid choices. 
\par \tab You can select a choice by either using the Mouse, or by entering the first letter and using the mouse, by typing in the country name into the field, or Pressing Page-Up and Page Down to move to the prev or next country.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} State.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsState}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 State;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}State.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This field allows you to select States from the above selected country in ASTRO's location Database. When you select a state, the Location fields's contents are replaced with the valid choices. 
\par \tab You can select a choice by either using the Mouse, or by entering the first letter and using the mouse, by typing in the country name into the field, or Pressing Page-Up and Page Down to move to the prev or next State.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Location.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsLocation}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Location;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Location.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This field allows you to select Locations from the above selected country and State in ASTRO's location Database. When you select a location, the information on that Location is read into ASTRO and put into the screen. \tab 
You can select a choice by either using the Mouse, or by entering the first letter and using the mouse, by typing in the country name into the field, or Pressing Page-Up and Page Down to move to the prev or next Location.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Geographic Coordinates Fields.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsGeogCoord}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K
} Geographic Coordinates Fields;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Geographic Coordinates Fields.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Enter the Location's geographic coordinates into these fields. You can find this information in an atlas, such as the "Rand McNally Road Atlas" or astrological atlases such as "The American Atlas" or "The Intenational Atlas" published by ACS Publications.

\par \tab In general locations in or South America are West, and locations in Europe are East. Location North of the Equator are North and others South.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Time Zone and Special Code.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsTimeZone}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Time Zone and Special Code;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Time Zone and Special Code.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Select the Time Zone that the location in effect. From The Special Code field, pick either Standard Time or pick a Special Code field. Special Code Fields modify the Time Zone. A combination of the Time Zone and Special Code creates the {\uldb GMT Offset.
}{\v rlsGMTOffset} 
\par {\b\cf6 
\par NOTE:} Unless you set {\i Both} the Time Zone and Special Code field to "Other", you cannot modify the GMT Offset.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} GMT Offset.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsGMTOffset}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 GMT Offset;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}GMT Offset.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par This field specifies the time difference the specified location from Greenwich Mean Time in England.
\par \tab Try to avoid using these fields. If you can select a {\uldb Time Zone and Special Code}{\v rlsTimeZone} above,
 these fields will be set correctly. If for example you want to enter a location that does not correspond to the normal world time zones, you can enter what you want here.
\par 
\par {\b\cf6 NOTE:}{\b  }
Enter only the values in these fields that you would use to corrrect time with when deciding what time it is in a foreign country. ASTRO makes the minor calculations that are necessary. If you give this value, this will be doubly calculated giving an inco
rrect result.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Location DB Menu Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} rlsMenu}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Location DB Menu Button;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Location DB Menu Button.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Press this button to bring uyp the Location Database Menu to modify the Location Database.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb LOCATION DATABASE MENU}{\b\v LOCATION_MENU}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Relocation Data Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_RELOC}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Relocation Data Screen;Data Screens}}Relocation Data Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this screen to Enter Relocation Information. You can use the Location database fields (Country, State, and Location) attached to this screen to get locations from the database.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Country.}{\v rlsCountry}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb State.}{\v rlsState}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location.}{\v rlsLocation}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Time Zone and Special Code.}{\v rlsTimeZone}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb GMT Offset.}{\v rlsGMTOffset}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location DB Menu Button.}{\v rlsMenu}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Event of Interest.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} tisEvent}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Event of Interest;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Event of Interest.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Enter a description of this event. This will appear in the report. For example if you wanted to do transits for your vacation, you might enter Vacation 1993. You can also select the birth and location of an individual in the birth database by selecting fr
om this field.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Date of Event.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} tisDateEvent}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Date of Event;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Date of Event.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Enter the first Date of the Transit you want to do. You can enter dates between 4300 bc - 2100 AD. You must enter a valid date. In the year field, you must enter the century of the year. If you were entering 1993, you would enter 1993 and not 93.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Time of Day.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} tisTimeEvent}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Time of Day;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Time of Day.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par this is the approximate time of day of the events you want to look at. The data you enter in this field is not critical.
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Transits Info Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_TRINFO}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Transits Info Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this screen to Enter The event and the first date that you want to do a transit chart for. You can use the Location database fields (Country, State, and Location) attached to this screen to get locations from the database.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Event of Interest.}{\v tisEvent}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Date of Event.}{\v tisDateEvent}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Time of Day.}{\v tisTimeEvent}
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Country.}{\v rlsCountry}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb State.}{\v rlsState}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location.}{\v rlsLocation}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Time Zone and Special Code.}{\v rlsTimeZone}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb GMT Offset.}{\v rlsGMTOffset}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location DB Menu Button.}{\v rlsMenu}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Person's Name}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bisName}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Person's Name;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Person's Name.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Enter the person's name. You can also select an individual's birth information, by either using the mouse and selecting from this field.
\par \tab If you want to add information about a person to a database, this field is used as the key that the births are found by.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Birth Date.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bisBirthDate}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Date;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Birth Date.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Enter the Birth Date of the Person. You can enter dates between 4300 bc - 2100 AD. You must enter a valid date. In the year field, you must enter the century of the year. If you were entering 1993, you would enter 1993 and not 93.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Birth Time.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bisBirthTime}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Time;Reloction Data Screen;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Birth Time.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par this is the time of day of the person that you are calculating charts for This time needs to be as close as possible to the exact birth time
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page Sex.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Select the sex of the person you are analyzing. Certain text in the report is set up so that the gender will correspond to the gender of the person you enter here.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Location DB Menu Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bisMenu}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} 
Birth DB Menu Button;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Birth Transits Info Screen;Data Screens}}Birth DB Menu Button.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Press this button to bring up the Birth Database Menu to modify the Birth Database.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb BIRTH DATABASE MENU}{\b\v BIRTH_MENU}
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Location DB Menu Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} bisRect}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Rectification Button;Compatibility Info Screen;Birth Info Screen;Data Screens}}Birth Rectification Button.
\par \pard\plain \sl240 \f3\fs22 
\par Press this button to bring up the Birth Rectification Screen.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb BIRTH RECTIFICATION SCREEN}{\b\v HELPID_DLG_RECT}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Birth Info Screen.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_BINFO}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Birth Info Screen;Data Screens}}Birth Info Screen.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this screen to enter the person's birth info for the person you wish to analyze. You can use the Name and Location database fields (Country, State, and Location) attached to this screen to get births and locations from the database.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Person's Name.}{\v bisEvent}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Sex.}{\v bisSex}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Birth Date.}{\v bisDate}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Birth Time.}{\v bisTime}
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Country.}{\v rlsCountry}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb State.}{\v rlsState}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location.}{\v rlsLocation}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Time Zone and Special Code.}{\v rlsTimeZone}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb GMT Offset.}{\v rlsGMTOffset}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Location DB Menu Button.}{\v rlsMenu}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Birth DB Menu Button.}{\v bisMenu}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Birth Rectification Button.}{\v bisRect}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \page 
\par }