{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo9\dy2\hr12\min41}{\version1}{\edmins87}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj 
\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} ASTRO File List Viewer.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_FLIST}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} ASTRO File List Viewer;File List}}ASTRO File List Viewer.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is a list of all the files that you have created. There are two file lists, one of graphic files, and one of text report files.
\par {\b\uldb Applicable FILES Menu Choices.}{\v FFILE_MENU}{\b\uldb 
\par EDIT Menu Choices.}{\v FEDIT_MENU}{\b\uldb 
\par UTILITIES Menu Choices.}{\v FUTIL_MENU}{\b\uldb 
\par Professional User File List.}{\v FUSER}
\par 
\par 
\par {\b\f4\fs28\cf2 KEYS:}{\b\f4\fs28 
\par }
\par \pard \tx1800 {\b PAGEUP\tab }Go Up One Screen.{\b 
\par PAGE DOWN\tab }Go Down One Screen{\b 
\par DOWN\tab }Move the selection bar Down One Line.{\b 
\par UP\tab }Move the selection bar Up One Line.{\b 
\par HOME\tab }Go to the Beginning of File List.{\b 
\par END\tab }Go to the End of File List.
\par {\b ENTER}\tab View Currently Selected File.
\par {\i\cf6 or Double Click}{\i  \tab }If selected file is a text report file, {\i 
\par }{\i\cf6 with Mouse.}\tab the fext file viewer is started.
\par \tab If the selected file is a graphics file
\par \pard \tx1800\tx2880 \tab the graphics file viewer is started.{\i 
\par }\pard \tx1800 {\b DELETE\tab }Erase A File. Same As {\b\uldb FILES/KILL.}{\v IDM_FKILL}
\par {\b CTRL+INS\tab }Copy File to Clipboard. Same As {\b\uldb EDIT/COPY.}{\v IDM_ECOPY
\par }{\b SPACE BAR\tab }Select a file for multiple file operation. All files
\par {\i\cf6 or Mouse Click} \tab which are Checked are selected.{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewer File Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} FFILE_MENU}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Viewer File Menu Choices;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}File List Viewer File Menu Choices.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par These are choices in the File menu that can be activated while viewing a text file.
\par * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Edit.*}{\v IDM_FEDIT}
\par {\b\uldb Export.}{\v IDM_FEXPORT}
\par {\b\uldb View.}{\v IDM_FVIEW}{\b\uldb 
\par Kill.}{\v IDM_FKILL}{\b\uldb 
\par New Cover Page.*}{\v IDM_FNEWCPG}
\par {\b\uldb Open Cover Page.*}{\v IDM_FOPENCPG}
\par {\b\uldb New Comment File.*}{\v IDM_FNEWCFL}
\par {\b\uldb Open Comment File.*}{\v IDM_FOPENCFL}
\par {\b\uldb Print.}{\v IDM_FPRINT}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewer Edit Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} FEDIT_MENU}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Viewer Edit Menu Choices;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}File List Viewer Edit Menu Choices.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Undo.}{\v IDM_EUNDO}{\b\uldb 
\par Copy.}{\v IDM_ECOPY}{\b\uldb 
\par Cut.}{\v IDM_ECUT}{\b\uldb 
\par Paste.}{\v IDM_EPASTE}{\b\uldb 
\par Delete.}{\v IDM_EDEL}{\b\uldb 
\par Find.*}{\v\uldb IDM_EFIND}
\par {\b\uldb Next.*}{\v\uldb IDM_ENEXT}{\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} File List Viewer Utilities Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} FUTIL_MENU}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} File List Viewer File Utilities Choices;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}File List Viewer Utilities Menu Choices.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Read File Into Data.}{\v IDM_UPARSE}
\par {\b\uldb Rebuild File List.}{\v IDM_UBLDFLST}
\par {\b\uldb Clear File List Selection.}{\v IDM_UCLRSEL}
\par {\b\uldb Edit File List Entry.}{\v IDM_UEDIT}
\par {\b\uldb Sort File List.}{\v IDM_USORT}
\par {\b\uldb Archive Charts.*}{\v IDM_UARC}
\par {\b\uldb Unarchive Charts.*}{\v IDM_UXARC}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewer File Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} FUSER}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K
} User File List;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}User File List.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 Professional Version Only.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par With ASTRO professional, you can create a custom file list. You can by copying and pasting, move files from the file list into this user file list. This file list can contain text reports and graphic repor
ts. You can do anything with this file list that you can with a regular file list and you can save it to a file so it can be used later. There are a few new commands that support this file list.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb New File List.}{\v IDM_FNEWFLST}
\par {\b\uldb Open File List.}{\v IDM_FOPENFLST}
\par {\b\uldb Save File List.}{\v IDM_FSAVEFLST}
\par {\b\uldb Save As File List.}{\v IDM_FSAVEASFLST}
\par 
\par }