{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo9\dy2\hr12\min41}{\version1}{\edmins49}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj 
\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} ASTRO Report File Viewer.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_FVIEW}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} ASTRO Report File Viewer;Text Report Files;.OUT}}ASTRO Report File Viewer.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this to view the Text report files that ASTRO produces. If you wish to you can customize the colors and fonts that are used in the viewer.
\par \tab You can convert this report to text, Print it, Create a Comment File or Create a Cover page from the {\b\uldb FILE Menu.}{\v VFILE_MENU}{\b\uldb  
\par }\tab In the Professional Version, you can search for text in the report., and edit text in the report. You mark a paragraph by clicking on the paragraph, click again to edit it or unmark the paragraph. Just double click any paragraph to edit.
\par \tab If you modify a report, you will be asked it you want to save the report, Pressing Yes Saves, No closes the screen without saving.
\par See the {\b\uldb EDIT Menu.}{\v VEDIT_MENU.}{\b\uldb  }
\par 
\par {\b\f4\fs28\cf2 KEYS:}{\b\f4\fs28 
\par }
\par \pard \tx1800 {\b PAGEUP\tab }Go Up One Screen.{\b 
\par PAGE DOWN\tab }Go Down One Screen{\b 
\par DOWN\tab }Go Down One Line.{\b 
\par UP\tab }Go Up One Line.{\b 
\par HOME\tab }Go to the Beginning of Report.{\b 
\par END\tab }Go to the End of Report.{\b 
\par LEFT\tab }Move Cursor  Left.{\b 
\par RIGHT\tab }Move Cursor{\b  } Right.
\par {\b INS }or{\b  ENTER\tab }Insert a New Paragraph.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewer File Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} VFILE_MENU}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Viewer File Menu Choices;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}Viewer File Menu Choices.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par These are choices in the File menu that can be activated while viewing a text file.
\par * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Edit.*}{\v IDM_FEDIT}
\par {\b\uldb Export.}{\v IDM_FEXPORT}
\par {\b\uldb New Cover Page.*}{\v IDM_FNEWCPG}
\par {\b\uldb Open Cover Page.*}{\v IDM_FOPENCPG}
\par {\b\uldb New Comment File.*}{\v IDM_FNEWCFL}
\par {\b\uldb Open Comment File.*}{\v IDM_FOPENCFL}
\par {\b\uldb Print.}{\v IDM_FPRINT}
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewer Edit Menu Choices.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} VEDIT_MENU}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Viewer Edit Menu Choices;Text Report Files;.OUT;ASTRO Report File Viewer}}Viewer Edit Menu Choices.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par In the Professional Version you can search for text in the reports.
\par * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par {\b\uldb Undo.*}{\v\uldb IDM_EUNDO}
\par {\b\uldb Copy.*}{\v\uldb IDM_ECOPY
\par }{\b\uldb Cut.*}{\v\uldb IDM_ECUT}
\par {\b\uldb Paste.*}{\v\uldb IDM_EPASTE}{\b\uldb 
\par Delete.*}{\v\uldb IDM_EDEL}
\par {\b\uldb Find.*}{\v\uldb IDM_EFIND}
\par {\b\uldb Next.*}{\v\uldb IDM_ENEXT
\par 
\par }}