{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\fnil blue;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s252\keepn 
\b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info
{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo8\dy31\hr18\min12}{\version1}{\edmins67}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 
{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphics Viewer.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_GRAPHICS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Graphics Viewer;Graphics;Viewer;.GRA}}
Graphics Viewer.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par to Get Help on any Menu Item, Select the Menu by key or Mouse. Select the Menu Item with the Arrow Keys, Press {\b F1}
\par 
\par This screen lets you view graphic files. 
\par 
\par In the Deluxe and Professional versions, double clicking on any aspect glyph, planet glyph or house, brings up an editor containing the interpretations for that item.
\par 
\par * Professional Version Only.
\par 
\par Use the {\b\uldb Graphics Menu}{\b\v HELPID_GRAPHM} to change the ways the information is displayed on the screen.
\par 
\par Go to the {\b\uldb View Menu}{\b\v HELPID_VIEWM} to Zoom In, Zoom Out or have the wheel scaled to the size of the window.
\par 
\par {\b\f5\fs28\cf2 KEYS:}{\b\f4\fs28 
\par }
\par \pard \tx1800 {\b PAGEUP\tab }Go Up One Screen.{\b 
\par PAGE DOWN\tab }Go Down One Screen{\b 
\par DOWN\tab }Go Down One Line.{\b 
\par UP\tab }Go Up One Line.{\b 
\par HOME\tab }Go to the Left of  Image.{\b 
\par END\tab }Go to the Right edge of the Image.{\b 
\par CTRL+HOME\tab }Go to the Top Image.{\b 
\par CTRL+END\tab }Go to the Bottom of the Image.{\b 
\par LEFT\tab }Scroll Left.{\b 
\par RIGHT\tab }Scroll Right.{\b 
\par }\pard {\b 
\par }{\b\cf2 The Following keyboard combinations have equivalents in the Graphics and View Menus.}{\b 
\par 
\par Transit Chart Operations}{\b\fs32 
\par }\pard \tx576 {\b\fs32 [\tab }Go to {\b\uldb Previous}{\uldb  Transit Chart}{\v IDM_GSHPREVC}.
\par {\b\fs32 ]\tab }Go To {\b\uldb Next}{\uldb  Transit Chart.}{\v IDM_GNEXTC} 
\par {\b\fs32 =\tab }Go Back to {\b\uldb First}{\uldb  Transit Chart.}{\v IDM_GSHFIRSTC}
\par \pard {\b House Cusps Operations:}{\b\fs32 
\par }\pard \tx576 {\b\fs32 <\tab *}{\b\uldb Decrease}{\uldb  House Cusps}{\v IDM_GDECHSE} By One Degree
\par {\b\fs32 >\tab *}{\b\uldb Increase}{\uldb  House Cusps}{\v IDM_GINCHSE} By One Degree.{\b 
\par }{\b\fs32 @\tab *}Go Back To {\uldb Basic House Cusps.}{\v IDM_GREGHSE}
\par \pard {\b 
\par View Operations:}{\b\fs32 
\par }\pard \tx504 {\i Numeric}{\b\fs32  +   
\par }\pard \tx504\tx576 {\b \tab Zoom In.} Same as View Menu Command {\uldb Zoom In.}{\v IDM_ZOOMIN}
\par {\i Numeric}{\b\fs32  -}{\b\fs28     
\par }{\b \tab Zoom In.} Same as View Menu Command {\uldb Zoom Out.}{\v IDM_ZOOMOUT}
\par {\i Numeric}{\b\fs32  * 
\par }{\b \tab Zoom In.} Same as View Menu Command {\uldb Fit Window.}{\v IDM_FITWIN}
\par \pard 
\par You can copy the image to the Clipboard by Selecting EDIT and Copy.
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} View Menu}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_VIEWM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K}
 View Menu;Graphics}}View Menu.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Zoom In.}{\v IDM_ZOOMIN}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Zoom Out.}{\v IDM_ZOOMOUT}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Fit Window.}{\v IDM_FITWIN
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Graphics Menu}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_GRAPHM}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Graphics Menu;Graphics}}Graphics Menu.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Sign Names.}{\v IDM_SIGN_NAME}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show House Numbers.}{\v IDM_HOUSE_NUM}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show House Degrees.}{\v IDM_HOUSE_DEG}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Aspect Lines.}{\v IDM_SHOW_ASPT}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Aspect Grid.}{\v IDM_SHOW_AGRID}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Use Glyphs.}{\v IDM_USE_GLYPH}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Show Sign Lines.}{\v IDM_SHOW_SLIN}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Use Inner House Cusps.}{\v IDM_USE_INHC}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Sign Tick Wheel.}{\v IDM_SIGN_TICK}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Decan Tick Wheel.}{\v IDM_DEC_TICK}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Degree Tick Wheel.}{\v IDM_DEG_TICK}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Plot Houses Outside.}{\v IDM_HOUS_OUTS}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Plot Classically.}{\v IDM_PLOT_CLASSIC}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Next Transit Chart.}{\v IDM_GNEXTC}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Previous Transit Chart.}{\v IDM_GSHPREVC}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb First Transit Chart.}{\v IDM_GSHFIRST}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Decrease House Cusps.*}{\v IDM_GDECHSE}
\par {\f1 \'a8} {\b\uldb Increase House Cusps.*}{\v IDM_GINCHSE
\par 
\par }
\par }