{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\sa240\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\sa240\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sa240\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 
\f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1995\mo4\dy24\hr14\min37}{\version1}{\edmins14}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd 
\linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\qc\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} TBT Text Builder Toolkit For Windows.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} TABLE_CONTENTS}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} TBT Text Builder Toolkit For Windows}}{\fs48 TBT }
\par {\fs48 T}{\plain \f4\fs36\cf2 ext}{\fs48  B}{\plain \f4\fs36\cf2 uilder}{\fs48  T}{\plain \f4\fs36\cf2 oolkit} 
\par For Windows.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par TBT or {\b T}ext {\b B}uilder {\b T}oolkit ForWindows is used to modify text for ASTRO For Windows.
\par \tab ASTRO gets its text from precompiled compressed types of files. The files consist of an index with an extension of .NDX and a compressed text file with the extension .TXT. These files ar
e not editable, but you can edit the source material which TBT compresses using the commands BUILDTXT and 3DBLDTXT using the editing tools in TBT.
\par \tab ASTRO gets it's reports from precompiled report files. These files end in .TBL. These files are not editable, but you can edit the source material which TBT compiles using the commands BUILDRPT using the editing tools in TBT.
\par \tab TBT contains all the tools to work with text, from editing, converting, and compiling..
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\sa240\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Steps to Edit Text.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Steps to Edit Text;How-to-Use}}Steps to Editing Text.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 {\b 1.} {\b Setup Options} for file type and file extension.
\par {\b 2.} {\b Convert} files to selected file type and extension.
\par {\b 3.} {\b Open} the Files from the {\b File} Menu you wish to edit and and make changes.
\par {\b 4.} {\b Compile} Changed Text, Help and Report files.
\par {\b 5.} Copy the compiled files .TXT, .NDX, and .TBL (if you modified the reports) into your ASTRO For Windows Data directory ({\b \\ASTROW\\DATA})or ASTRO for Windows directory ({\b \\ASTROW}) if you do not have a separate data directory.
\par \pard \ri2880 
\par }