{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\fnil CJNPi1;}{\f6\fnil AstGlyphs;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f3\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{
\s246\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f3\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f3\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f3\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \f3\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\sa240\keepn \b\f4\fs28\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f3\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sl240 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext2 Points;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo8\dy14\hr16\min47}{\version1}{\edmins953}
{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Button.}#{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnHELP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Help;buttons}}Help Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Help button brings up this help screen. You can also access this by pressing F1 or Selecting Help from the menu.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f4\fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} OK Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnOK}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} OK;buttons}}OK Button.

\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the OK button causes the dialog box or screen's data to be checked to make sure that it is correct. This tells TBT that it is ok to go on.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Cancel Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnCANCEL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Cancel;buttons} }
Cancel Button.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Cancel Button, lets you exit this screen or dialog box without saving the data. It also allows you to cancel the operation that this dialog box or screen controls.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Main Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} mainDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Main Directory}}Main Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the Program TBT For Windows is located, and the related files.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} helpDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Help Directory}}Help Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the data for ASTRO for Windows is located. This is also where the .HLP Files will be written. If you set
 this to your TBT or text directory, you can copy the .HLP files to the data directory manually without risk of damaging the files due to a failure.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Text Source Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} textDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Text Directory}}Text Source Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the text source or .AST file is initially before converting, or editing.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Data Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} dataDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Data Directory}}Data Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the data for A
STRO for Windows is located. This is also where the .TBL, .NDX and .TXT Files will be written. If you set this to your TBT or text directory, you can copy the .TBL, .NDX, and .TXT files to the data directory manually without risk of damaging the files due
 to a failure.
\par \pard\plain \s252 \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Directory.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} editDir}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Options;Directories;Edit Directory}}Editing Directory:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This is the directory where the files that you will be editing will be located. This is also where conversions go to.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Directories}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_DIRECT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Directories;Options}}
Directories:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you change the directories where TBT finds its files.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Main Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 mainDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Text Source Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 textDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Data Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 dataDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Editing Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 editDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help Directory.}{\plain \v\f3 helpDir}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 {\plain \f4\cf2 \page }{\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Enable Extended Text}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} enableExtText}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 K} Enable Extended Text;Otions}}Enable Extended Text.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 Checking this checkbox causes TBT to compile source files that provide Midpoint Sign text and Compatability Transit text. No source is provided at this time. Don't turn this on unless you provide text for these. 
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Text Format.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} textFmt}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Text Format;Otions}}
Text Format
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par \pard \sl240 This is the text file format. The Default is .AST--ASTRO format. If you chose another format, they will need to be converted when used, but you can use a word processor for editing which may be easier. 
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Text Source Extension}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} textExt}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Text Source Extension;Options}}Text Source Extension.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If you change the Text Format, change this to a different extension such as .DOC. 
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Setup}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_SETUP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Setup;Options}}Setup:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box lets you change TBT's Options.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Enable Extended Text.}{\plain \v\f3 enableExtText}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Text Format.}{\plain \v\f3 textFmt
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Text Source Extension.}{\plain \v\f3 textExt}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Select File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_SELECT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Select File;Files}}
Select File:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box selects text files to edit. Locate the file using the cursor and Press the OK button to edit, or Cancel to back out.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} All Symbols button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnALL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} All Symbols;buttons}
}All Symbols.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the All Symbols button  fills the pull down lists with all the possible ID Symbols for this position whether they are used or not. ID Symbols which are used are indicated with an * or asterisk.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Used Symbols Button.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} btnUSED}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Used;buttons}}
Used Symbols.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pressing the Used Symbols button fills the pull down lists with only the  ID Symbols which are used. Click on All Symbols if you want to add text where none is provided.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Item ID.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} itemID}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Item ID;ID;Symbol;Editing}}
Item ID.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Pull Down the list by pressing on the down arrow to select. This is the name by which this item is known.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Item Index}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} itemIndex}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Item Inde
x;ID;Symbol;Editing}}Item Index.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par If the Item ID says that the Item is an array. it also tells you what size the array is. This field is an index (0 based) into that array. If the array has 5 elements, you can set this field to anything between 0 and 4 to select each item, 0 being the fir
st element of that array.
\par \pard\plain \s252\keepn \b\i\f4\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Text.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} editText}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Edit Text;ID;Symbol;Editing;Bold;Italics;Underscore;Headline;\{ and \};[ and ];< and >;tabs}}Edit Text.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This field has the text that you are editing. 
\par \tab Don't use the tab character to position within a line, but use spaces or use | for tabs. See the manual under Custom Reports for information on how to setup tabs.
\par \tab Surround text with < and > to make it {\i underscored or italic}. Surround text with \{ and \} to make it {\b bold}. Surround a line of text with [ and ] to make it a headline.
\par \tab End Paragraphs by Pressing {\b CTRL+ENTER}. Pressing {\b ENTER} will Exit the dialog box.
\par \pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \i\f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Text File.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit Text;ID;Symbol;Editing;Bold;Italics;Underscore;Headline;\{ and \}
;[ and ];< and >;tabs}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_EDIT}}Edit Text File.
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par Use this screen to edit your file. 
\par \tab Don't use the tab key to position within a line, but use spaces or use | for tabs. See the manual under Custom Reports for information on how to setup tabs.
\par \tab Surround text with < and > to make it {\i underscored or italic}. Surround text with \{ and \} to make it {\b bold}. Surround a line of text with [ and ] to make it a headline.
\par \tab End Paragraphs by Pressing {\b ENTER}.
\par \tab You can also access the Edit menu where you can Cut, Copy, Paste and Delete Text from this screen.
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Report File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_REPORT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Edit Report File;Files;Editing}}Edit Report File:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box selects text to edit from a report file. Locate the items to edit using the Item ID and Item Index field and Press the OK button to Save the file or Cancel to cancel your changes.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Item ID.}{\plain \v\f3 itemID}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Item Index.}{\plain \v\f3 itemIndex}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Edit Text.}{\plain \v\f3 editText}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb All Symbols button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnALL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Used Symbols button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnUSED}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit 2 ID (Regular) Text File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_REGULAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Edit Regular Text File;Files;Editing}}Edit 2 ID (Regular) Text File:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box selects text to edit from a two ID text file file. This type of file has for each element of text two identifications such as {\b SUN} is in sign {\b LEO }or{\b  SUN }is in{\b  HOUSE #4}. 
\par \tab Locate the items to edit using the Item ID #1 and and Item ID #2 fields and Press the OK button to Save the file or Cancel to cancel your changes.
\par 
\par \pard \sl240 {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Item ID.}{\plain \v\f3 itemID}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Edit Text.}{\plain \v\f3 editText}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb All Symbols button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnALL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Used Symbols button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnUSED}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb OK button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnOK}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Cancel button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnCANCEL}{\plain \f3 
\par }{\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\plain \b\f3\uldb Help button.}{\plain \v\f3 btnHELP}{\plain \f3 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\keepn \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page {\plain \f3\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit 3 ID (Aspect/Midpoint) Text File.}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DLG_ASPECT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f3 {
\fs16\up6 K} Edit 3 ID Aspect/Midpoint Text File;Files;Editing}}Edit 3 ID (Aspect/Midpoint) Text File:
\par \pard\plain \f3\fs22 
\par This dialog box selects text to edit from a three ID text file file. This type of file has for each element of text three identifications such as {\b SUN} and {\b MOON} are {\b CONJUNCT}
. If you are editing Natal aspects, ID #1 must be the nearer or faster of the two planets and ID#2 would be the farther out or slower of the two planets, and ID #3 is the aspect.
\par \tab Locate the items to edit using the Item ID #1, Item ID #2 and Item ID #3 fields and Press the OK button to Save the file or Cancel to cancel your changes.
\par 
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb Item ID.}{\v itemId}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb Edit Text.}{\v editText}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb All Symbols button.}{\v btnALL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb Used Symbols button.}{\v btnUSED}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb OK button.}{\v btnOK}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb Cancel button.}{\v btnCANCEL}
\par {\plain \f1 \'a8}{\plain \f3  }{\b\uldb Help button.}{\v btnHELP}
\par \pard\plain \s254 \b\f4\fs32\cf2 \page 
\par }