{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Book Antiqua;}{\f4\froman StoneSerif;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\froman Times;}{\f7\froman Times New Roman;}{\f8\fswiss Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s230\li1440\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f7\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\li720\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\fi-360\li360\sl240\tqr\tldot\tx3240 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\li2160 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\li1800 \f7\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{\s235\li1440 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\li1080 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\li720 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\li240\sl216\tx540 \i\f3\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{
\s239\fi-240\li240\sl216\tx540 \f3\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s241\sb120\sl216\brdrt\brsp20\brdrs \tx540 \b\f4\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f7\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f7\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 \f7\fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f7 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{
\s247\li720 \i\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f7\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\sb120\sa14\sl220\keepn\tx540 \b\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\qc\sb120\sa120\sl220\keepn\tx540 \b\f4\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\qc\sb240\sa240\sl220\keepn\pagebb\tx540 \b\f4\fs32 
\sbasedon0\snext2 heading 1;}{\s255\li360\sl220\tx540 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f7\fs22 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sl220\tx540 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext2 intro;}{\s3\sa14\sl220\keepn\tx540 \b\f3 \sbasedon252\snext0 heading 3a;}{
\s4\sb120\sa20\sl220\keepn\brdrb\brsp20\brdrs \tx540 \i\f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext3 deluxe only;}{\s5\sa20\sl220\keep\box\brsp20\brdrs \tx540 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 note box;}{\s6\qc\sa120\sl220\keepn\tx540 \b\f4\fs28 \sbasedon253\snext0 heading 2a;}{
\s7\sl220\tx540 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext7 Normal 12;}{\s8\sl240\tx540 \b\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext8 spchar;}{\s9\sl240\tx540 \b\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext9 example;}{\s10\fi-360\li360\sl240\tx360\tx547 \f3\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext10 list;}{
\s11\sb120\sl240\tx540 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext3 Page id;}}{\info{\author Christopher J. Noyes}{\creatim\yr1993\mo8\dy13\hr16\min31}{\version1}{\edmins165}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern8368}}
\paperw10080\paperh12240\widowctrl\ftnbj\makebackup \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\fs16\up6 $} Affliction.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Affliction;Aspects;Malefic}}Affliction.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An outdated term that describes either a difficult {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} (i.e. Squared or Opposition), or a placement of a {\uldb planet}{\v planet} or {\uldb angle}{\v angle}
 in a sign that does not suit it, (i.e. Mars in Pisces). Also describes a relationship with a "{\uldb Malefic}{\v malefic}", such as Saturn.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\fs16\up6 $} Air Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\fs16\up6 K} Air Signs;Aquarius;Gemini;Libra;Intellect;Communication}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} air}}Air Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Aquarius, Gemini, or Libra. These signs are generally associated with air. The air signs are usually connected with communication and the intellect.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Angles.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Angles;Ascendant;Descendant;Med Coeli;Midheaven;Immum Coeli}}{\plain 
\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} angle}}Angles.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 Refers to the Major angles in a chart. Includes: the {\uldb Ascendant}{\v ascendant} or Rising Sign, the Descendant, which is opposite the Ascendant, the {\uldb Med Coeli or Midheaven}{\v MC}, and {\uldb Immum Coeli}{\v\uldb IC}
, which is opposite the Med Coeli{\plain \f7 .}{\plain \f7\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Angular Houses;House 1;House 4;House 7;House 10;Cardinal Signs;Cardinal}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $}
 Angular Houses.}}Angular Houses.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The first, fourth, seventh, and tenth houses. These houses are generally connected with the {\uldb Cardinal Signs}{\v c}{\v\uldb ardinal} and Cardinal Qualities.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Ascendant.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Ascendant;First House;Personality}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} ascendant}}Ascendant.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The point of the zodiac that falls on the eastern horizon at the time of your birth. This is the same as the first house cusp and describes your personality and character and how you relate to your world.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Aspect.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K}
 Aspect;Angular Relationship;Conjunct;Trine;Sextile;Squared;Opposition;hard aspects;soft aspects}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} aspect}}Aspect.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An angular relationship between two {\uldb planets}{\v planet}, {\uldb angles}{\v angle}, etc. These relationships are based on harmonics or multiples. The major aspects are {\ul Conjunct}{\v conjunct}, {\ul Trine}{\v trine}, {\ul 
Sextile}{\v sextile} {\ul Squared}{\v squared}, and {\ul Opposition}{\v opposition}, though there are many intermediate minor aspects. The first three aspects are generally considered to be beneficial and the last two considered to be difficult
, though the more difficult aspects can act as teachers and help you to learn and grow.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Astrologer.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Astrologer}}Astrologer.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 A professional who practices astrology.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Benefic.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Benefic;Jupiter;Conjunct;Sextile;Trine;Mercury;Moon}}{\plain 
\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} benefic}}Benefic.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 {\uldb Planets}{\v planet} and {\uldb aspects}{\v aspect}
 that were thought to give positive influences. Traditionally Jupiter and Venus are the two Major Benefics in that order, though Mercury and the Moon are also considered Benefic. {\uldb Conjunct}{\v conjunct}, {\uldb Sextile}{\v sextile}, and {\uldb Trine
}{\v trine} aspects are also considered Benefic.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Cadent.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Cadent;House 3;House6;House 9;House 12;Mutable;}}Cadent.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The third, sixth, ninth and twelfth houses. These are ruled by {\uldb Mutable Signs}{\v mutable}, and are generally associated with the Mutable Qualities.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Campanus.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Campanus;House Systems}}Campanus.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Thirteenth century mathematician and astrologer who devised the Campanus House System.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Cardinal Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Cardinal Signs;Aries;Cancer;Libra;Capricorn;beginnings;
initiatory;dynamic actions}}Cardinal Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 
The signs Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn. These fall at the Cardinal Points of the Zodiac, with Aries beginning at the "Vernal Equinox" or first point of Spring, or the beginning of the Zodiac. These signs are generally associated with action and begi
nnings. They are also associated with initiatory and dynamic actions.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Composite Chart.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Composite Chart}}Composite Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A Chart for two people which is created by taking their planet positions and taking the midpoints between. Represents the relationship.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Conjunction.}}{\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Conjunction;Aspects;}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} conjunct}}Conjunction.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} formed when two {\uldb angles}{\v angle} or {\uldb planets}{\v planet} are at roughly the same angle (usually within 8 degrees).
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Critical Degrees.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Critical Degrees}}Critical Degrees.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 13, and 26 degrees of Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn. 9, and 21 degrees in Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. Also 4 an
d 17 degrees in Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, and Pisces. Comes from the Hindus. Thought to be a sensitive point that strengthens the power of the sign.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Cusp.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Cusp}}Cusp.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A line dividing the houses or signs. When dealing with signs it represents a gray area where the individual may be affected by both signs.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Decan.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Decan}}Decan, Decanates.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A division of the signs into 10 degrees each of which is subtly different from one another due to the different rulers involved.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Descendant.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Descendant}}Descendant.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The angle that is exactly across from the {\uldb Ascendant}{\v ascendant}. It is the cusp of the seventh house. Your descendant relates to your marriage and partnership and interaction with others. 
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Earth Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K}
 Earth Signs;Taurus;Virgo;Capricorn;Earthy;practicality;responsibility}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} earth}}Earth Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The sign{\*\bkmkstart computer_gloss}{\*\bkmkend computer_gloss}s Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn. These signs represent "Earthly" qualities such as stability, responsibility, and practicality.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} East Point.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} East Point}}East Point.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The {\uldb angle}{\v angle} which is rising over the eastern horizon at the earth's equator at any time. Occasionally used for Compatibility analysis.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Easy Aspect.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Easy Aspect;Conjunct;Trine;Sextile;Aspects}}Easy Aspect.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A harmonious {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} such as {\uldb Conjunct}{\v conjunct}, {\uldb Trine}{\v trine}, or {\uldb Sextile}{\v sextile}.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Ecliptic}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Ecliptic}}Ecliptic.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 The apparent path that the sun would take if it actually rotated around the earth.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Elements.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Elements;Air;Water;Earth;Fire}}Elements.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Air, Water, Earth and Fire.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Equal House System.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Equal House;House Systems}}Equal House System.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The system that takes the first house being the {\uldb Ascendant}{\v ascendant} and dividing the remaining 11 houses into equal 30 degree slices. The M-House system starts with the {\uldb Med Coeli}{\v MC}
 or Midheaven being the cusp of the 10th house and dividing the other 11 houses as equal 30 degree slices.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Feminine Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Feminine Signs;Earth;Water;receptivity}}Feminine Signs.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7\uldb Earth}{\plain \v\f7 earth}{\plain \f7  and }{\plain \f7\uldb water}{\plain \v\f7 water}{\plain \f7  signs. Feminine refers to receptivity, not gender.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Fire Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Fire Signs;Aries;Leo;Sagittarius;fiery;passionate}}{\plain 
\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} fire}}Fire Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius. These signs are considered fiery, passionate, and spontaneous.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Fixed Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Fixed Signs;Taurus;Leo;Aquarius;stable}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} fixed}}Fixed Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Taurus, Leo, Scorpio, and Aquarius. These signs are associated with fixed and stable emotional characteristics.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Flat Chart.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Flat Chart;rectification}}Flat Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A chart in which the first house is set at 0 degrees Aries. Frequently used when the birth time and therefore the {\uldb Ascendant}{\v ascendant} is not known.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Greater Benefic.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Greater Benefic;Jupiter}}Greater {\uldb Benefic}{\v benefic}.

\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Jupiter. Assumed to bring your major blessings.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Greater Malefic.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Greater Malefic;Saturn}}Greater {\uldb Malefic}{\v malefic}.

\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Saturn. Assumed to be the cause of evil in your life.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Hard Aspects.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Hard Aspects;Squared;Opposition;Aspects}}Hard Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Inharmonious {\uldb aspects}{\v aspect}. Generally considered to be {\uldb Squared}{\v square}, and {\uldb Opposition}{\v opposition}, and others. Aspects when the energies do not always help.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Harmonious Aspects.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Harmonious Aspects;Trine;Conjunct;Sextile;Aspects}}
Harmonious Aspects.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7\uldb Conjunct}{\plain \v\f7 conjunct}{\plain \f7 , }{\plain \f7\uldb Sextile}{\plain \v\f7 sextile}{\plain \f7 , and }{\plain \f7\uldb Trine}{\plain \v\f7 trine}{\plain \f7 . Also referred to as Easy aspects.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} House.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} House.}}House.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 A section of the zodiac, mathematically defined, which represents a particular area of life.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Immum Coeli.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Immum Coeli;IC;Nadir;House 4;Family}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} IC}}Immum Coeli.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The bottom of the heavens. The fourth house cusp in non-equal or Quadrant house system. Represents The family relations and home life.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Intercepted Sign.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Intercepted Sign}}Intercepted Sign.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A sign that falls between two adjacent house cusps, but neither of those house cusps are in that sign.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Koch.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Koch;House Systems}}Koch.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Dr. Walter Koch, a German astrologer who founded the Koch House System or Birthplace House System.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Malefic.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Malefic;Saturn;Mars;Uranus;Neptune;Pluto}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} malefic}}Malefic.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An old term used to refer to {\uldb planets}{\v planet} or {\uldb aspects}{\v aspect} thought to cause harm. It usually refers to the planet Saturn and Mars. Minor Malefics are also Uranus, Neptune and Pluto.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Masculine Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Masculine Signs;Air Signs;Fire;Signs;Aggressive;Positive}}
Masculine Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Air and Fire Signs. Those signs are suggested to manifest aggressiveness, sometimes referred to as Positive signs.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Medium Coeli.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Medium Coeli;Med Coeli;MC;Midheaven;House 10}}{\plain \fs16\up6 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} MC}}Medium Coeli, Med. Coeli, MC.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The Midheaven. Taken to be the point directly overhead in the chart. In an unequal chart it is the cusp of the tenth house. This describes your career and public ambitions and your relations with superiors.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Mutable Signs.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Mutable Signs;Gemini;Virgo;Sagittarius
;Pisces;Adaptability;Flexibility}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} mutable}}Mutable Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The Signs Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, and Pisces. Signs associated with adaptability and flexibility.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Node.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Node;Ecliptic;Orbit}}Node.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 The point of interception between a planet's orbit and the ecliptic.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Opposition.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Opposition;Aspect;Hard Aspect;}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 #} opposition}}Opposition.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} representing an angular difference of 180 degrees or a situation where two planets are directly across a chart from each other. Generally causes difficulty and discord.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Orb.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Orb;aspects}}Orb.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 The difference between an exact {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} and the actual aspect. It also describes the maximum difference where an aspect still takes place.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Part of Fortune}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Part of Fortune;;Moon;Ascendant}}Part of Fortune.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Arabian part most commonly used by astrologers. Found by subtracting Sun's position from the sum of {\uldb Ascendant}{\v ascendant} and Moon positions in degrees. Suggests fortunate circumstances.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Placidus.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Placidus;House Systems}}Placidus.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Spanish Monk, Placidus de Tito, 17th century. Creator of the Placidus House System. Most commonly used house system today.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Planet.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Planet}}{\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain 
\fs16\up6 #} planet}}Planet.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 From Greek "Planetes" or the wanderer. Describes any body that appears, from the Earth, to move.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Progressions.}}{\plain \f7\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\fs16\up6 K} Progressions}}Progressions.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Term used for advancing {\uldb planets}{\v planet} and house cusps from birth to a second point in time. Usually 1 day for each year of life.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Rectification.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Rectification}}Rectification. 
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Correction for inexact or unknown birth-time.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Regiomontanus.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Regiomontanus;House Systems}}Regiomontanus.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 German Astrologer 15th century who devised the Regiomontanus House System.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Relative Houses.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Relative Houses;House 3; House 7;House 11;Air Signs}}
Relative Houses.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Houses 3, 7, and 11. Associated with the }{\plain \f7\uldb Air Signs}{\plain \v\f7 air}{\plain \f7 .}{\plain \f7\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 $} Relocation Chart.}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f7 {\plain \fs16\up6 K} Relocation Chart;Relocations;Locality Chart}}
Relocation Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A Chart for which the house cusps have been changed to be where they would be if the individual had been born in another location. Also known as {\i Locality Chart}.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Retrograde Motion.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Apparent Backward Motion, thought to cause difficulty in a person's chart.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Return Chart.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A Chart Which shows the time that a particular body returns to the position where it was when {\*\bkmkstart astro_gloss}{\*\bkmkend astro_gloss}you were born.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Rising Sign.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Another word for }{\plain \f7\uldb Ascendant}{\plain \v\f7 ascendant}{\plain \f7 .
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Sextile.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 An {\uldb aspect}{\v aspect} with a difference of 60 degrees. A generally helpful and 'Positive' aspect.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Sidereal Time.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Time in relation to the fixed stars, rather than clock time.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Sidereal Zodiac.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A zodiac based on the placement of the stars, not the Vernal Equinox. It is used in Eastern, Hindu or Verdic Astrology. Not to be confused with {\uldb sidereal time}{\v sidereal} in a chart. Also See {\uldb Tropical Zodiac}{\v 
tropical}.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Signs. 
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Division of the zodiac into twelve equal divisions, related to the constellations.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Square. 
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7\uldb Aspect}{\plain \v\f7 aspect}{\plain \f7  with a difference of 90 degrees. Generally causes difficulty and discord. 
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Succedent Houses.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Houses 2, 5, 8 and 11. Associated with the }{\plain \f7\uldb Fixed Signs}{\plain \v\f7 fixed}{\plain \f7 .
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Temporal Houses.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Houses 2, 6, 10. Usually associated with the }{\plain \f7\uldb Earth Signs}{\plain \v\f7 earth}{\plain \f7 .
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Terminal Houses.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 Houses 4, 8, and 12. Associated with the }{\plain \f7\uldb Water Signs}{\plain \v\f7 water}{\plain \f7 .
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Transit.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 {\uldb Aspects}{\v aspect} or angles between, the position on any given day and the positions on a person's birth chart.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Trine.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 An }{\plain \f7\uldb aspect}{\plain \v\f7 aspect}{\plain \f7  with a difference of 120 degrees. A generally helpful and positive aspect.
\par }\pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Tropical Zodiac. 
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Zodiac that follows the path of the Sun. The First point of Aries corresponds to the Vernal Equinox, not an actual star position. Also called a Philosophical zodiac. See Also {\ul Sidereal}{\v siderealzodiac} {\ul Zodiac}{\v zodiac}.

\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K}Vertex.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 A point in the Western section of the Zodiac that indicates the intersection of the Prime Vertical and the Ecliptic. Sometimes associated with fate and wish fulfillment.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Water Signs.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs22 Signs Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces. Signs which represent receptivity, sensitivity, and the emotions.
\par \pard\plain \s251\keepn \b\f8\fs28\cf2 \page {\plain \fs16\cf2\up6 $K#}Zodiac.
\par \pard\plain \keep \f7\fs22 {\plain \f7 From the Greek }{\plain \i\f7 Zodiakos}{\plain \f7 , meaning circle of animals, or }{\plain \i\f7 zoo}{\plain \f7 .
\par 
\par }}