          PERSONALITY REPORT:
          
          Data Based On:
               Name at Birth:                     Heather Maxie Federman.
               Birth Date:                        6/16/1987.
          
          
          
          NUMBERS DERIVED FROM YOUR BIRTH DATE:
          
          Destiny Number or Birth Path (Where You're Headed): 2.
                Your Destiny Number is one of the main numbers in your
          life. This number tells you where you must direct your energy.
          If you do not follow this direction, you will be frustrated and
          unhappy.
                Your Destiny number is calculated by adding the
          numerological values of each digit in your birth date together and
          reducing.
                If You have a Number 2 Destiny Number, your life must be
          directed at Self-Surrender. You need to learn to cooperate with
          others, and give of yourself. You must learn to be diplomatic and
          agreeable. Be sensitive to the needs of others.
          
          Your Sun Sign is (Your Outer Personality): Gemini.
                You are a nonconformist, seeking new and exciting life
          styles, especially if you can talk about them! You are easily
          depressed and need several ongoing interests to keep you happy.
          Learn to relax.
          
          Your Challenges (Areas Where You need to Learn to Grow):
                Your Challenge Numbers show weak links in your character
          that you need to work on. You have two Minor Challenge numbers,
          and one Major Challenge number that is derived from the two Minor
          ones.
                These weak links tend to be subtle. Their effect is not as
          dominating as those of the Karmic Lessons.
                Your Minor Challenge numbers are found by subtracting the
          reduced parts of your Birth date. Your Main Challenge is found
          by subtracting your two Minor Challenges.
          
          Your First Minor Challenge is: 1.
                If You have a Challenge Number 1, you have the Challenge of
          Individuality and Independence. You need to learn to stand on your
          own two feet. Learn not to depend on others. Learn to develop your
          confidence to stand by your decisions.
          
          Your Second Minor Challenge is: 0.
                If you have a Challenge Number 0, you have All or Any of the
          Challenges. You should look at your personality and look at any
          part that you think may need work You may want to study all the
          challenges and choose the one that you feel best suits you.
          
          
          Your Major Challenge is: 1.
                If You have a Challenge Number 1, you have the Challenge of
          Individuality and Independence. You need to learn to stand on your
          own two feet. Learn not to depend on others. Learn to develop your
          confidence to stand by your decisions.
          
          Your Life Cycles: (Critical Periods in your Life, which will
          Effect You).
                Your Life Cycles represent the Three Major Cycles of your
          life. The First lasts from your Birth till Maturity, which is at
          36 - your Destiny Number years of age. Your First Life Cycle is
          calculated by adding the digits of your month of birth. This
          number describes what is happening to you during this phase of your
          life.
          
          Your First Life Cycle Number is 6 and it lasts from 1987 to
          2022.
                If You Have a Number 6 Life Cycle Number in Your First Life
          Cycle, Responsibility is a key word in this phase of your life.
          You feel very burdened and have many responsibilities. A lot of
          your energy is directed at your home and those around you.
                Children with the Number 6 Life Cycle may feel restricted.
          Those who love these children are very protective of them. These
          children take on too much responsibility. They worry a lot and
          may find it difficult to leave home.
          
          Your Second Life Cycle Number is 7 and it lasts from 2022 to
          2049.
                If You Have a Number 7 Life Cycle Number in Your Second
          Life Cycle, you should consider a technically oriented career
          that requires study. Analyze and learn, don't take things at
          face value. Look under the surface. Spend time alone. You need
          to study the spiritual world as well. Don't go into business, it
          probably won't work for you.
          
          Your Third Life Cycle Number is 7 and it lasts from 2049 to
          2076.
                If You Have a Number 7 Life Cycle Number in Your Third Life
          Cycle, this is a period for continued learning. You will want to
          read and study and learn this time. This is a personal time and
          doesn't suggest much in the way of relationships. Study the
          spiritual world. Have faith.
          
          Your Pinnacles (or Turning Points): (Critical Periods in your
          Life, which will Effect You. The start of the second Pinnacle
          will start at the same time the Second Life Cycle Starts).
                Your Pinnacles (or Turning Points), show various stages in
          your life. Your life consists of Four segments, with a certain
          focus for each. If you work with that focus, things will go
          easier for you.
                Your Pinnacles are found by adding the digits of various
          parts of your birth date, reducing, then adding each of these
          together. The First Pinnacle lasts from your birth till maturity
          which is defined as 36 - your destiny number. Each other
          Pinnacle lasts 9 years.
          
          Your First Pinnacle Number is 4 and it lasts from 1987 to 2022.
                During your Pinnacle Number 4, you will face situations
          that require hard work. In this period, you will work for
          others, but not in a position of authority. Work hard, be
          dependable, loyal, patient and tolerant. Learn to be efficient and
          careful.
          
          Your Second Pinnacle Number is 5 and it lasts from 2022 to 2031.
                During your Pinnacle Number 5, you will experience a lot of
          change. Take advantage of this time and experience all you can.
          Learn from all the different things that come to you. You can
          get experience at several different careers at this time. Learn
          to be adaptable, progressive and mentally curious.
          
          Your Third Pinnacle Number is 9 and it lasts from 2031 to 2040.
                During your Pinnacle Number 9, You will need to share
          yourself with others, and care about their needs. This is not a
          time for selfishness. Don't judge others. Care about others
          selflessly. Become involved in the arts.
          
          Your Fourth Pinnacle Number is 4 and it lasts from 2040 to 2049.
                During your Pinnacle Number 4, you will face situations
          that require hard work. In this period, you will work for
          others, but not in a position of authority. Work hard, be
          dependable, loyal, patient and tolerant. Learn to be efficient and
          careful.
          
          Your Personal Year and Month: (These Indicate how these Periods
          Affect You Personally). 
          
          Your Personal Year Number is 8.
                A Personal Year Number 8 is a Year for Business. This is a
          good year for anything business-related. Deal fairly with
          everyone. This is a good year for expansion and growth. You can
          do very well this year.
          
          Your Personal Month Number is 4.
                A Personal Month Number 4 is a Month for Hard Work. You have
          had it easy for the past two months and now you have to work
          hard. Be concerned with details. Do things well. Make them
          perfect. This is not a month for play or vacation.
          
          Your Universal Year and Month: (These Indicate How these Periods
          affect The Whole World). 
          
          Your Universal Year Number is 4.
          tionThis is a year of hard work, Slow and determined progress. This
          is a year when hard work is needed and can't be avoided. Try to
          make things better, improve and perfect your product.
          
          Your Universal Month Number is 9.
                Famous personalities are in the news. Layoffs and staff
          reductions, and unprofitable businesses are sold. A time to
          finish things.
          
          NUMBERS DERIVED FROM YOUR NAME AT BIRTH:
          
          Expression Number (How You Express Yourself): 3.
                Your Expression Number or Outer Self Number, indicates how
          other people see you. This will help you decide what to do with
          your life. This may be affected by a change of your name such as
          married name, using a nickname and so on. The effect of this
          change of name will be additive and will have a gradual effect
          over a period of time.
                Your Expression Number is Calculated by adding the
          numerological value of each of the letters in your name and
          reducing.
                If You Have a Number 3 Expression Number, you are Trendy and
          Stylish. You follow all the latest fads. You are happy and
          popular and love being around people. You are charming,
          entertaining and a lot of fun to be around.
          
          Motivation Number (What You are Motivated To): 11.
                Your Motivation Number or Heart Self talks about your
          "Heart's Desire". This part shows from your name what you really
          want.
                This number is found by adding the numerological value of
          all the Consonants in your name and reducing.
                A Person With a Motivation Number of 11 Wants to be a
          Spiritual Leader. You want to fill people with faith and
          understanding. Religion and spirituality is very important to
          you, and you may be interested in the occult.
          
          Inner Self Number, or Soul Urge (What You Dream of): 1.
                Your Inner Self indicates your desires and what the Best or
          Higher Part of You wants you to do with your life. This number is
          found by adding the Numerological value of each of the vowels of
          your name, and reducing.
                If You Have an Inner Self Number of 1, you seek to be a
          leader, an individual, creative, original, and in control of your
          life. You may be happier either self-employed or as a boss.
          
          Karmic Lesson Number (Experiences You Have Missed): 3.
                Your Karmic Lessons show experiences that your life is
          missing. You must work at overcoming these limitations in order
          to grow. You will keep running into these lessons until they are
          learned, and they cannot be avoided.
                Your Karmic Lessons are found by finding the numerological
          values of each letter in your name, and counting the number of
          occurrences. Your Karmic Lessons are the numbers which are missing
          or the number that you have the least of.
                Most of the Concept of Karmic Lessons infer that our
          spirits have been here in other lives and have failed to learn
          certain lessons, which we now must learn them in order to go
          on.
                If You have a Karmic Lesson Number 3, you need to learn to
          Express Yourself. In the past you haven't expressed yourself
          fully, and have tried to withdraw into your shell. You have a
          lack of confidence in yourself that you need to deal with. Don't
          apologize for yourself.
          
          Karmic Lesson Number 2: 7.
                If You have a Karmic Lesson Number 7, you need to learn to
          have faith. This may cause some fear. This lesson is about
          spirituality and belief in God, though it may be different from
          what you find in your church or synagogue. You need to learn to
          analyze.
          
          Your Planes Of Expression--
              Physical: 8,   Emotional: 5,  Mental: 6,     Intuitive: 1,
              Inspired: 11,  Dual: 6,       Balanced: 3.
          
          Your Traits--
              #1: 3,   #2: 1,   #3: 0,   #4: 3,   #5: 6,   #6: 2,
              #7: 0,   #8: 2,   #9: 3.
          
          Elements--
              Fire: 8,       Earth: 7,      Water: 1,      Air: 9.
          
          