{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\lang1033\b\f0\fs36 Numero Uno For Windows\b0\fs24\par
\fs32 The Program For Numerological Analysis\fs24\par
\fs28 By Christopher J. Noyes\fs24\par
\par
\'a9 Copyright 2006 By Christopher J. Noyes Software\par
\pard\par
\pard\qc\fs28 User Manual\fs24\par
\pard\par
\b\fs28 Technical Support\b0\fs24\par
By Mail:\par
   Christopher J. Noyes Software\par
   244 West !03rd St #10\par
   New York, NY 10025\par
By Phone: (212) 662-4596 \par
E-Mail: support@cjnoyessw.com\par
WWW: http://www.cjnoyessw.com\par
\par
\b\fs28 License for Use\b0\fs24\par
\tab You have the right to use this package on any one computer at a given time. You may copy this package for installtion, archival or for backup purposes only. This is copyrighted software, you may not give copies of it to anyone \par
without my written permission. You may, though, provide other people with copies of the shareware trial package, that you probably used before you bought this software. \par
\tab This does not give you the right to market charts produced with this program without my permission. If you use these charts as a part of a professional Astrology or Numerology consulting service, there are no restrictions in charging for services.\par
\tab\tab\tab Thanks\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab Christopher J. Noyes\par
\par
\b\fs28 Warranty\b0\fs24\par
\tab If I cannot to resolve any problems you have with ASTRO I will refund your money. You must  return all disks that I shipped you when you registered. While I have made every attempt to assure that ASTRO works properly, I am not  responsible for any damage, loss of profit, or other losses caused by ASTRO. \par
\par
\b Daily Numbers Program\b0\par
\par
The Daily Numbers Program is a program that is designed to be put into your Windows Startup Group so it can be run once every day when your computer starts up. It provides your Personal and Universal Numbers. Personal Numbers are numbers that apply specifically to you and Universal Numbers are numbers that apply to everyone. these numbers can guide you in your day.\par
\par
\b To Get Help.\b0\par
To Get Help with this program just hold your mouse for a few moments over anything  that you need help with. A window will popup and tell you about that feature.\par
\par
\b To Begin, Enter your Birth Date.\b0\par
The First Thing you need to do is setup your birthdate by Clicking on the Set Birth button and entering your birth date month, day and year. You must enter the century of your birth i.e. if you were born in 1958 as I was you would enter 1958 rather than just 58.\par
\par
When it starts up or the birth date is changed numbers are calculated and you can see these numbers on the tops of the buttons. \par
\par
\b To Get Interpretations for the Numbers.\b0\par
By clicking on each of these buttons you can see interpretations for each of these elements.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Interactive Calendar Program\b0\fs24\par
\par
The Interactive Calendar program is a program to show you your Personal and Universal Calendar. Personal Calendars show numbers that apply specifically to you and Universal Calendars show numbers that apply to everyone. These numbers can help to guide you in planning your month. These calendars can be printed as well for use outside of your computer.\par
\par
This program shows a number of notebook style pages. You can change between these pages by clicking on the tabs at the top of the page with your mouse. Clicking a tab brings that page to the front.\par
\par
\b To Get Help.\b0\par
To Get Help with this program just hold your mouse for a few moments over anything  that you need help with. A window will popup and tell you about that feature.\par
\par
\b To Begin, Enter your Birth Date.\b0\par
The first thing you need to do is set your birth date and the starting date. to do this, select from the notebook pages the page titled Date Data, by clicking it with your mouse. In the fields titled Birth Date enter your birth date, month, day and year. You must enter the century of your birth i.e. if you were born in 1958 as I was you would enter 1958 rather than just 58. \par
\b\par
To Change The Fonts, Color and Printing. \b0\par
Clicking on options lets you change the fonts that are used in the calendar as well as the colors of the type. A Checkbox at the bottom says Print Portrait. If this is checked the calendars will print Portrait meaning vertically. If it isn't checked they will print Landscape or horizontally on your paper.\par
\b\par
To Get Interpretations for the Numbers.\b0\par
In the calendars, you can get Interpretations by clicking on various parts of the calendar. To get the information about the month, click on the top part where it shows the month. to get information about a particular day, click on the date in question with your mouse. To get the information about the year, click on the Year Text button at the top right.\par
\par
\b To View Different Months and Years.\b0\par
You can see the calendars for the next month, previous month, next year (same month), previous year (same month) by clicking on the buttons in the toolbar at the top of the program.\par
\par
\b To Print a Calendar.\b0\par
to print a calendar is simple. Just have the calendar that you want to print showing, and click the Print button in the toolbar at the top of the program.\par
\par
\b\fs28 The Numero Uno Program\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b Naviating Your Way Around and getting Help.\b0\par
When you start the Numero Uno Program you will see at the top of the screen below the menu bar, the Toolbar which has icons to access frequently used functions like File Open, Save, Print and Data Entry. At the Bottom of the screen is a bar, this is a status bar and if you wonder what a menu item does a long description of the action is printed in the status bar. Holding the mouse over a field or data element shows what is called a hint which gives you a description of what that item is for.\par
\par
\b To View a Report\b0\par
Either click on the File Folder icon in the tool bar or go to the File menu and choose Open from the File menu. Select a File from the File List. You can view different comments that you entered when creating the reports. The comments can help you figure out which file is which especially in Windows 3.1\par
\par
\b To Change to a Different Directory for viewing a report.\b0\par
While you are in the Open File Dialog box, click on the Change Dir Button and Select a new directory. Click on Ok.\par
\par
\b To Retrieve Data From an existing Report.\b0\par
Go to The Utilities menu and choose Read File Into Data. Select the file that you want to read the data from and click on the ok button.\par
\par
\b To Enter Data.\b0\par
Click on the Writing on Paper icon in the toolbar or from the Numerology menu Select Numberology Data. You will see a screen with a notebook book on it with various page. Each page represents a part of a report and the data that relates to that. Each peice of the data can be eliminated from the report by unchecking the Include Check box. Each name is filled in 3 parts. If you don't have a middle name leave it blank. If you have too many names you must make a choice of which you want to use. You can show 4 different versions of your name if you want to.\par
\par
\b To Save The Data to a File.\b0\par
Click on the Writing on Paper icon in the toolbar or from the Numerology menu Select Numberology Data. Click on the Save button on this screen and fill in a file name. and click on OK.\par
\par
\b To Load The Data From a File.\b0\par
Click on the Writing on Paper icon in the toolbar or from the Numerology menu Select Numberology Data. Click on the Load button on this screen and find the file that you want to load and click on OK.\par
\par
\b To Clear Out the Data from the Screen.\b0\par
Click on the Writing on Paper icon in the toolbar or from the Numerology menu Select Numberology Data. Click on the Clear Button.\par
\par
\b To Print a Report.\b0\par
Have the Report that you want to print open in front of you as the topmost screen. Either Click on the printer icon or go to the File menu and choose Print (CTRL+P).\par
\par
\b To Compile a Report With Just the Data in it.\b0\par
Go to the Numerology menu and choose Name Numbers Report. A dialog box appears. Either Select a File or enter a File Name. Note: It Must end in .NRP If you choose to overwrite a file name, you will be prompted. Enter Comments for the file so you will be able to find it later from the comments field. This field helps you figure out which file is which. Click on the Ok button. The File is created.\par
\par
\b To Compile a Report With Interpretations Text in it.\b0\par
Go to the Numerology menu and choose Name Numbers With Text Report. A dialog box appears. Either Select a File or enter a File Name. Note: It Must end in .NRP If you choose to overwrite a file name, you will be prompted. Enter Comments for the file so you will be able to find it later from the comments field. This field helps you figure out which file is which. Click on the Ok button. The File is created.\par
\par
\b Just What is a Name Transits Analysis?\b0\par
Each letter in your name effects your life during specific years and this type of reports analyzes this and analyzes how the interact with other data that changes from year to year.\par
\par
\b To Compile a Name Transits Report With Just the Data in it.\b0\par
Go to the Numerology menu and choose Name Transits Numbers. A dialog box appears. Either Select a File or enter a File Name. Note: It Must end in .NRP If you choose to overwrite a file name, you will be prompted. Enter Comments for the file so you will be able to find it later from the comments field. This field helps you figure out which file is which. Click on the Ok button. A Second Dialog box appears. Enter the beginning year for the report and the ending year. Note the years must have the century on them. The File is created.\par
\par
\b To Compile a Name Transits Report With Interpretations in it.\b0\par
Go to the Numerology menu and choose Name Transits With Text. A dialog box appears. Either Select a File or enter a File Name. Note: It Must end in .NRP If you choose to overwrite a file name, you will be prompted. Enter Comments for the file so you will be able to find it later from the comments field. This field helps you figure out which file is which. Click on the Ok button. A Second Dialog box appears. Enter the beginning year for the report and the ending year. Note the years must have the century on them. The File is created.\par
\b  \par
To Save a Report As a Different File Type.\b0\par
go to the Utilities menu and select Options. Click on the Export Tab and make sure the write kind of word processor is selected If you are using A Word processor that supports either MS RTF or the AMI Pro File Format, the font selections in the Chart Options section of this screen will apply to your word processor as well and fonts and colors will be used. Have the Report that you want to print open in front of you as the topmost screen. Either Click on the Diskette icon or the Paper to Disk Icon or go to the File menu and choose Save (CTRL+S) or Save As (CTRL+A). then Fill In the File name you want  selecting first the type of file, selecting the directory and fill in the file you want. If you choose to overwrite an existing file it will be overwritten and the existing file will not be preserved.\par
\i Note for Windows 95 users.\i0\par
If You are using an older Windows 3.1 word processing program such as Microsoft Word 1 or 2 or WordPerfect 5.,2 or 6.0 for Windows or AMI Pro make sure to use a file name that fits that word processor using the old 8.3 format. If you are using a newer word processor designed for Windows 95 or Windows NT you can use a long file name.\par
\par
\b To Change the Fonts and Colors.\b0\par
Go to the Utilities menu and choose Options. Click on the Chart Options tab of the notebook. Clicking on the appropriate button allows you to modify the font used for the reports. \par
\par
\b To Change the Interpretation of whether 'W' and 'Y' are vowels.\b0\par
Go to the Utilities menu and choose Options. Click on the Chart Options tab of the notebook. The Checkbox on this screen will change that interpretation.\par
\par
\b To Delete Files.\b0\par
Use Windows File Manager or use Windows 95's File Explorer and drag the files to the trash can.\par
\f1\par
\par
\par
}
 