{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\lang1033\b\f0\fs36 NUMERO UNO \par
For Windows\fs24\par
\fs32 The Program for Numerological Analysis\fs24\par
\fs28 By Christopher J. Noyes\par
\'a9 Copyright 1996 by Christopher J. Noyes\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b\fs36 Modifying Text Source Files \b0\fs24\par
\b\fs36 for Numero UNO\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs32 User Manual\b0\fs24\par
\pard\par
The following materials are similar to those used for ASTRO For Windows. If you have that program the same guidelines apply. This Manual was excerted from the ASTRO For Windows Manuals \par
\par
Technical Support\par
By Mail:\par
   Christopher J. Noyes Software\par
   244 West 103rd St #10, \par
   New York, NY 10025\par
By Phone: (212) 662-4596 \par
E-Mail: support@cjnoyessw.com\par
WWW: http://www.cjnoyessw.com\par
\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 Text Builder Toolkit or TBT\b0\fs24\par
\pard\par
 \tab TBT for Windows or Text Building Toolkit, is a Windows based system which contains all the tools you need to edit, modify, add, and compile your text for use with NUMERO UNO for Windows.\par
\tab TBT contains several editing programs that allow you to edit NUMERO UNO's text easily and quickly. You can also convert and compile text files.\par
TBT uses the same user interface that NUMERO UNO For Windows uses so it should be easy to use.\par
\tab If you have already modified text files, you should copy them to another disk or directory until TBT for Windows is installed..c.TBT Text Builder Toolkit;TBT TEXT BUILDER TOOLKIT\par
\tab Otherwise they will be renamed with a .BAK extension and you will need to restore them.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Files.\b0\fs24\par
\par
This menu lets you interact with files. These choices let you open specific types of files and edit them, as well as saving files,  and exiting the program.\par
\tab When you edit a file, a list of the applicable files, with their de\'1fscrip\'1ftions is displayed. You pick the file you wish to edit and the file is loaded.\par
This menu item will allow you to open any ASCII file or .AST type to edit. A file selection dialog box will come up. Select the file you want to edit. The editor will come up, make any changes to the file you want. From the File menu choose Save or Save As to save the file, and choose Close from the File menu or Close from the System menu to close the window. If you have made changes and you did not save it, it will ask you if it is ok to close.\par
This menu item allows you to open and edit the normal text files that are used by NUMERO UNO. A list of the applicable files is displayed and you pick a file to edit. That file is loaded \line into the system and a backup (.BAK) file is created. You select the block of text you want to edit by using the ID #1 and ID #2 pull down combo boxes.\par
\tab If you press \{ESC\} while you are in these screens, a message will come up asking you if you want to exit in case you make a mistake and don't want to lose the file you are editing.\par
\par
\b Close\b0\par
This menu item closes a generic text file editor or a help source file.\par
\par
\b Restore\b0\par
This menu item restores a .BAK file to an editing file. It also restores the editing file to a .BAK file. You can undo a Restore by using Restore twice.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Compile.\b0\fs24\par
This menu is used to rebuild the files. These menu command starts a process that compresses and indexes your text so NUMERO UNO can use it. A Window is created showing what procedures are being done. Once the compiliation is completed the system will beep and you can close the window by selecting Close from the System menu box.\par
\par
\b Changed Text Files.\b0\par
This menu item builds all the changed source material into the .TXT and .NDX that NUMERO UNO uses. This uses the file format and file extension in the Directories setup screen. The files are compiled to the edit directory. You must use Copy Text Files to Data Dir to copy them to your data directory for use with NUMERO UNO.\par
\par
\b Copy Text Files to Data Dir.\b0\par
This menu item copies all the changed final .TXT and .NDX files to your NUMERO UNO For Windows data directory.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Convert.\b0\fs24\par
This menu choice is used to convert the original text files into a specific format for use with an external editor. If you are only going to use the editor provided with TBT you don't need to use this feature as the TBT editor prefers NUMERO UNO's native AST file type.\par
\par
\b Text To Format.\b0\par
This menu item converts the basic Text files that NUMERO UNO's text is based on from the .AST format to the file type selection in the Options menu Setup dialog box, and uses the file extension provided in that screen.\par
\tab The files are converted from the text source directory to the editing directory.\par
\par
\b Old Text To Format.\b0\par
If you had made changes to the text from an earlier version of NUMERO UNO, this menu item can convert them to your choice of a format from the ASCII format to the file type selection in the Options menu Setup dialog box, and starts with the .ASC extension and creates files using the file extension provided in that screen.\par
\tab The files are converted from the text source directory to the editing directory.\par
\par
\b Converted Text Back To AST.\b0\par
This menu item converts the basic text files that NUMERO UNO's text is based on from the format they had been converted, to TBT's AST format. The source format is in the file type selection in the Options menu Setup dialog box, and uses the file extension provided in that screen as the source type extension.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Options\b0\fs24\par
This menu allows you to customize the way the program operates.\par
\par
\b Setup.\b0\par
\b File Type:\b0  This is the type of file that you are going to Edit. It is also the type of file that will be compiled. It is also the type of file to convert to, and from. If you want to use TBT's internal editors, use the NUMERO UNO AST format with the .AST extension.\par
\b File Extension:\b0  If you want to use an external editor, I suggest using the extension .DOC, if you are planning to use the internal editors, I suggest using the .AST extension. If you don't use the AST file format use .DOC\par
\b Enable Text Extensions:\b0  NUMERO UNO professional is capable of making use of text for midpoints and compati\'1fbility aspects, though no text has been written for them at this time. If this option is turned on, the source files which have been designated, will be compiled as well. If you don't write text for these files, don't turn this option on.\par
\b Source Text Is Ansi Format:\b0  If you have created your own text in a Windows word processor and saved it in AST format and your text contains accents and is not saved in DOS (OEM ASCII) format, this should be checked, otherwise it should not.\par
\tab TBT For Windows automatically takes care of converting text from OEM ASCII to Ansi as needed.\par
\b Edit Format is Ansi:\b0  Certain word processors for Windows use Ansi format for their file format. If you use a Windows based word processor, and convert your text, you should check this box otherwise leave it unchecked.\par
\tab TBT For Windows automatically takes care of converting text from OEM ASCII to Ansi as needed.\par
\par
\b Directories.\b0\par
This screen allows you to change the directories used by the TBT system. These are the fields and how they are used.\par
\b Main Directory: \b0 This is the main directory where TBT and the tools are located.\par
\b Text Source Directory:\b0  This is the directory where original source files are converted from.  \par
NUMERO UNO Directory: This is the directory where the compiled text files are copied to. \par
\b Editing Directory:\b0  This is the direc\'1ftory that TBT finds the files to edit and converts files to and compiles files to. This may be the same as the text source directory.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs32 Modifying the Text Source\b0\fs24\par
\pard NUMERO UNO gets it's text text; from a precompiled compressed type of file. The files consists of an index with a file extension of .NDX and the text with an extension of .TXT. You can edit, change or replace the text in these files with whatever you wish to use. The Text Source files Disk has the necessary source text files and tools to recompile these files once you have made your modifications to them. \par
\tab ASTRO For Windows a program to control the process, TBT.EXE for Text Builder Toolkit. TBT has built into it several editors that make modifying text for ASTRO For Windows easier. See the Section on TBT for more information on it, specifically. This section will refer to TM.\par
\tab TBT run the entire job minimizing the details. This program  only compiles the files that have changed, making rebuilds faster. It also controls the process of converting files from ASCII to specific formats and its native format AST (ASCII without soft line endings). \par
\tab You can modify the text source files with either a compatible word processor (WordPerfect WordPerfect; 5.0-5.1, WordPerfect 4.2, WordStar, Microsoft RTF, Microsoft Word, Word for Windows, Windows Write, or Lotus AMI Pro, WordStar; WordStar;) or a program which can edit and create and write ASCII files. Many programs are also compatible with one of these formats. \par
\tab If you want to use a word processor that produces ASCII files, it must not put any control codes in the files.\par
\tab ASTRO provides files converters for ASCII, WordPerfect Versions (4.2, 5.0, 5.1, 5.2 and 6.0) and WordStar (3.3 and 4.2), Microsoft RTF, Microsoft Word, Word for Win\'1fdows, Windows Write, or Lotus AMI Pro files that interpret where useful and otherwise strip out control codes out of the files.\par
\tab To use this facility, first either install these files using the install program that came with ASTRO or use the text source install program SETUP.EXE which operates exactly like the main install program. I suggest creating a separate directory for text source and compilers. I suggest calling it C:\\ASTROW \\TEXT.This makes sure that if for some reason the text compilation doesn't work, you won't lose the text that you currently have.\par
\tab I recommend frequently backing up your work. That way nothing will be lost if you run into difficulty. Before you start editing files you will want to run TBT to set it up and convert the source file into a compatible format. TBT needs to know about your directories, the extensions you wish to use (word processors usually like .DOC), and file format.\par
\tab To use the text source package. Make the necessary changes to the text making sure to follow the for\'1fmat of the existing text. Use TBT to build the text files. Copy the result\'1fing .TXT and .NDX files (.HLP files if you were building help, .TBL files if you were building reports) to the directory where your data or help files are kept now.\par
\par
\b\fs28 File Formats\b0\fs24\par
\b ASCII.\b0\par
\tab ASCII files must be saved without any control characters. All hard line breaks must be marked using the '\\' char. All other line breaks are removed. No tab charac\'1fters may be in the files. Use only character spaces. Make sure your editor doesn't put any tabs in the files. If you want to use a graphic character (ASCII codes 1-31, 128-255,  or any one of the following charac\'1fters: ~|\\<>\{\}[ ]^@, you must pre\'1ffix or escape that character with a '~' mark. If that character is at the end of a word you must prefix the word space with a '~' mark. Place bold centered headings between '[' and ']'. Place bold text between '\{' and '\}', and place underlined or italic text between '<' and '>'. Note the '#' mark must not be at the beginning of a line unless it is being used as an index marker. These tell the text building programs that the next words on the line tell the program how to index the text. These must be on a separate line of text.\par
\tab See the description in the next chapter about using tabs. These will be less useful in text modifying than in help file or report modifying.\par
\b AST Files.\b0\par
\tab This file format is exactly the same as ASCII except that you don't have to use '\\' marks at the end of lines since soft line breaks are not saved. This format can be used with Microsoft Word and Microsoft Word For Windows and any other editor which can read and write files without saving soft line breaks. If you are using Word, you will use save as. "Text PC-8". Don't use ...With Layout or ... With Breaks as those will save line breaks\par
\tab See the description in the next chapter about using tabs. These will be less useful in text modifying than in help file or report modifying.\par
\b WordStar.\b0\par
\tab Use document mode of WordStar. You can also use a compatible program as long as the program uses the WordStar file format.\par
\tab Using this format, you don't need to mark hard line endings or escape graphic characters, except literal uses of '$', '[' and ']'. You can use WordStar codes for bold (^Pb, ^Pd) and Underscore (^Py, ^Ps). All dot commands are deleted. Don't use tabs as tab settings are deleted. Use '[' and ']' to mark bold centered heads. Don't use any complicated formatting.\par
\tab See the description in the next chapter about using tabs. These will be less useful in text modifying than in help file or report modifying.\par
\b WordPerfect 4.2, 5.0, 5.1., and 6.0\b0\par
\tab You can also use a compatible program as long as the program uses the correct WordPerfect file format.\par
\tab Using this format, you don't need to mark hard line endings or escape graphic characters, except literal uses of '$', '[' and ']'. You can use WordPerfect codes for bold and Underscore. All other formatting commands are deleted. Don't Use tabs as tab settings are deleted. Use '[' and ']' to mark bold centered heads.\par
\tab See the description in the next chapter about using tabs. These will be less useful in text modifying than in help file or report modifying.\par
\b Microsoft RTF format.\b0\par
\tab You can also use a compatible program as long as the program uses the correct Microsoft file format.\par
\tab Using this format, you don't need to mark hard line endings or escape graphic characters, except literal uses of '$', '[' and ']'. All other formatting commands are deleted. Don't Use tabs as tab settings are deleted. Use '[' and ']' to mark bold centered heads. You can format text as Bold, Underline or Italic by using your word processor's formatting com\'1fmands, and these will be translated to ASTRO's commands.\par
\b Lotus AMI Pro format.\b0\par
\tab You can also use a compatible program as long as the program uses the correct Ami Pro file format.\par
\tab Using this format, you don't need to mark hard line endings or escape graphic characters, except literal uses of '$', '[' and ']'. You can use WordPerfect codes for bold and Underscore. All other formatting commands are deleted. Don't Use tabs as tab settings are deleted. Use '[' and ']' to mark bold centered heads. You can format text as Bold, Underline or Italic by using your word processor's formatting commands, and these will be translated to ASTRO's commands.\par
\b Microsoft Word, Word For Windows, and Windows Write formats.\b0\par
\tab You can also use a compatible program as long as the program uses the correct Microsoft file format. All formatting is deleted from the file. Only line endings are kept. If you want to use any one of the following characters int text: ~|\\<>\{\}[]^@, you must prefix or escape that character with a '~' mark. If that character is at the end of a word you must prefix the word space with a '~' mark. Place bold centered headings between '[' and ']'. Place bold text between '\{' and '\}', and place underlined or italic text between '<' and '>'.\par
\b\fs28\par
\pard\qc\fs32 Example.\b0\fs24\par
\pard Above is an example of how ASCII files are formatted.\par
\tab The words in the bold type writer face indicate symbols which represent numerical values. The values are defined in the file TEXT .SYM. A symbol may occur in one and only one position in the header. Either the first position, second position or the aspect position.\par
\par
 File syntax for the BUILDTXT program:\par
# RISING TAURUS\\\par
\tab You may seem timid and slow-moving to others, but that's your way of getting things done \line properly. You need to own pretty things. You \line pick on your lover.\\\par
# MERCURY PISCES\\\par
\tab You often wonder where your decisions come \line from, since you don't recall giving them much thought. Most of your decisions come up from the depths of your intuition, or from the subliminal suggestions aimed at you by others.\\\par
\par
 File syntax for the 3DBLDTXT program:\par
# SUN JUPITER OPPOSITION\\\par
\tab You don't have terribly good luck or judgement and have difficulty keeping promises to others. Curb impulses.\\\par
# MERCURY NEPTUNE SEXTILE\\\par
\tab Your sensitive perceptions extend out to include the feelings and thoughts of others, and the future.\\\par
\par
NOTE: Try not to use many hard breaks. Try to let ASTRO do the line breaking. If you don't end a line with the '\\' mark, the line ending be considered a soft line ending and will wrap around. \par
\tab You must preface each chunk of text with a header. You must end the paragraph before it (if it is not the first in the file) with a '\\'. The header starts with a '#', followed by two symbols or  numbers for BUILDTXT and three symbols\par
 or numbers for 3DBLDTXT. Refer to the file TEXT.SYM for the definitions of the symbols.\par
NOTE:  In ASCII and AST files, The character '\{' marks the beginning of Bold and '\}' marks the end of Bold. The character '<' marks the beginning of underscored yext, and '>' marks the end of underscored text.\par
\tab For information about the text indexes being used, look at the file TEXT.SYM;. This file is a master dictionary. ASTRO actually uses the number in the value column, and uses it instead of the values following the # mark in the file.\par
\par
}
 