{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f122\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f123\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f125\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f126\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f127\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f128\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f129\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f130\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f132\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f133\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f135\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f138\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2379374\rsid4619883
\rsid13461193\rsid14095440}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title THREE REGISTERED VERSIONS}{\author chris.noyes}{\operator chris.noyes}{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr12}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy15\hr12\min7}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages5}
{\nofwords1420}{\nofchars8095}{\*\company Palisades Technology Partners}{\nofcharsws9497}{\vern24579}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot14095440 \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid14095440 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14095440 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14095440 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14095440 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\footery1080\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid14095440\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
VERSIONS.WRI}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 --Three Registered Versions
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 \chpgn }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 THREE REGISTERED VERSIONS}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  \tab }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 There are several different registered packages available at different price levels, depending on what you need or want. There are three different Versions of the Program.
\par \tab All registered versions include the 1200 location Extended Location Database. This contains mainly U.S. and Canadian Locations, but has some other locations as well.
\par \tab In the description of each version I show what will be provided for the registration. Each version comes with free technical support for a limited period of time (stated below).
\par  This is the stated minimum period. After that time I will do my best to provide any additional help that you may need.
\par \tab Technical support is provided by phone and by writing. I can also be reached via several BBS systems. See the Support section for details. Please Use the Order Codes when ordering by phone.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 LITE VERSION }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1043)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par \tab }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 A LITE Version which is basically this version. This is mainly provided for beginners, and those who don't need the advantages of the more advanced versions. Th
e LITE version also works on a Two 360k 5-1/4" floppy disk system. If you send $44.95 you will get this version. This registration level only provides the disks, No printed manual is provided. 
\par \tab Registering this Package entitles you to access to technical 
support for 90 days.  Earlier shareware versions included a Progressed Report and  midpoints which were taken out due to lack of disk space. In their place are better graphics printing, and true Astrological
\par  Glyphs. If you want these features you will want the DELUXE version Below.
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\insrsid14095440 
\par }{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 DELUXE VERSION }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1036)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 \tab A DELUXE Version Which offers all the features that The Lite Version does, but adds more Reports and adds other Features and supports more print
ers. This version costs $59.95 and Includes a Printed Manual. Most users will find this version best for their needs. Registering this Package entitles you to access to technical support for 90 days.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 FEATURES OF DELUXE VERSION IN ADDITION TO LITE FEATURES.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }{\f1\insrsid14095440 * Progressions Report. (Secondary, Tertiary and Minor)
\par * Solar and Lunar Returns, (can be progressed as well).
\par * Composite Report (to analyze a relationship).
\par * Relocations Report.
\par * Midpoints
\par * Click on Glyphs and see interpretive text.
\par * Display of Planet Locations.
\par * Customize Graphs with your name and address.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par \tab }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 In addition to these features, for an additional $25, I will  send you the Text Source files used to create ASTRO's Text  interpretations. These are in ASCII. You can edit these files  with a
ny Word Processing program that accepts plain text or ASCII. This package also includesa new Windows Based Text Modification toolkit called TBT For Windows or "Text Builder Toolkit" which allows you to modify the text, astrological help and report formatt
ing. This builds these files into ASTRO's Proprietary Indexed Compressed format.  
\par \tab As a special Offer, You can order both the DELUXE Program and the Text Source and Compiler's Package for $79.95 a savings of $5. }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1035)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440  PROFESSIONAL VERSION }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1047)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par \tab }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 The third version is a more professional version. This version goes far beyond the features of the DELUXE PROGRAM, in that all the reports can be customized.
\par \tab This version comes with a Printed manual and is packaged in two packages. One which contains the Program itself with the necessary stuff. The second also contains all the stuff to
\par  Customize the text and the reports. The Professional version has features designed for the professional or serious user who is going to use the program a lot.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\insrsid14095440  FEATURES PROFESSIONAL VERSION IN ADDITION TO DELUXE VERSION.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\insrsid14095440 * You can take any report and Progress it, Relocate it or both at the same time.
\par * Change chart options on a chart by chart basis.
\par * Arabic Parts Report.
\par * Fixed Stars Report.
\par * Heliocentric Positions.
\par * Transits of Composite Chart (to analyze events of relationship).
\par * Problem Report. Checks chart against database of known problems.
\par * Cover Pages and Comment files can be created for any report with decorative image and art
\par * Program can automatically convert a report and open your favorite editor and open your file.
\par * Convert graphic charts to graphic files (.PCX, .TIF, .EPS, .WMF, .GIF).
\par * Search for text in reports.
\par * Visual Rectification. Interactively change the house cusps.
\par * Search for charts in file list.
\par * User file list. You can maintain this list by copying and pasting.
\par * Save to comma delimited files for databases and spreadsheets.
\par * Click on Text Paragraphs and modify and edit them within the text viewer. 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid14095440 The Professional Program prices at $109.95 for the Basic Professional Package }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1047)}{\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par The entire package including the Text Source Files package which is required to modify text or report is $129.95 }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1046)}{\fs20\insrsid14095440 . 
\par This package also includes 120 days access to technical  support by telephone or other means.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 Optional 33,000 location database }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1034)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid14095440 
The Optional 33,000 location database contains approximately 32,000 U.S. Locations in addition to the ones in the program. This contains only basic time zone information and no time changes. This costs and additional $79.95.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs28\insrsid14095440 If you have questions on these available versions or to 
\par recieve technical support on ASTRO For Windows contact:}{\fs36\insrsid14095440  
\par }{\b\fs36\insrsid14095440 Christopher J. Noyes Software}{\fs36\insrsid14095440  
\par }{\fs36\insrsid13461193 244 West 103rd St}{\fs36\insrsid14095440 ., }{\fs36\insrsid13461193 #10, New York, NY 10025}{\fs36\insrsid14095440  
\par }{\fs36\insrsid13461193 Phone (212}{\fs36\insrsid14095440 )}{\fs36\insrsid13461193  662-4596 }{\fs36\insrsid14095440 
\par }{\fs28\insrsid13461193 E-Mail: sales@cjnoyessw.com}{\fs28\insrsid14095440 
\par WWW: http://www.cjnoyessw.com}{\fs36\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 \page }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 ASTRO For Windows. THE PROGRAM FOR ASTROLOGICAL ANALYSIS}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 
\par }{\b\f1\fs36\insrsid14095440 REGISTRATION AND ORDER FORM:}{\b\f1\fs28\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\insrsid14095440 To Order Only:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
 Complete and Mail with A U.S. check or money order (Funds Drawn on a U.S. Bank Only) to: NorthStar Solutions 1228 Westloop Pl, Suite 204, Manhattan, KS 66502 If Ordering By Credit Card (VISA, MasterCard or American Express), FAX to 1-785-
539-3743, e-mail this to STARMAIL@aol.com, on starmail@Compuserve.com or call 1-800-699-6395 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst) or 1-785-539-3731 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst). (NorthStar Solutions will be on your credit card statement) Please use order codes when orderin
g by phone. 
\par 
\par You can also order using the World Wide Web at www.Nstarsolutions.com or www.Shareit.com
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 NOTE:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  International orders Must include appropriate postage. Orders Shipped To New York State MUST Include 8-1/4% Sales Tax. Orders Must Include Appropri
ate Shipping Cost See Below.  VISA & Mastercard Accepted.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 Do Not Contact NorthStar Solutions for Technical Support!}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par 
\par Name:_______________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par Address:_____________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par City:_______________________________________________State:________Zip:__________
\par 
\par Telephone and time there:_______________________________________________________
\par 
\par I Enclose a Payment for $__________________. I am enclosing the appropriate shipping and sales tax as required.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Payment:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  Check ____  Money Order ___  VISA ____ MasterCard ____ 
\par Account Number:|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|
\par Signature:____________________________________________ Expires: |___|___/___|___
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Exact Name as it Appears on Card: ________________________________________________
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\insrsid14095440 
\par DISK SIZE }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 3-1/2"}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (1.44MB) __________
\par 
\par  }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 I WANT...(See READ.ME or ASTRO.DOC for Explanation of Options)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-810\li810\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin810\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440               
\par  1.____ \tab Register Only. @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 $29.95 (Order Code 1044).}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  2.____ \tab Complete LITE ASTRO Package (This version) @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 44.95 (Order Code 1043)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 ,
\par  3.____ \tab Complete DELUXE ASTRO Package @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 59.95}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Order Code 1036) 
\par \tab }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 (Includes Printed Manual),
\par  4.____ \tab Text Source & Compilers @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 $25}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Needed to Modify or customize Text that            ASTRO Uses) }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  5.____ \tab ASTRO DELUXE Package (3 & 4) @ $}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 79.95}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  }{\b\i\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Save $5 }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 (Order Code 1035)}{\b\i\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 .}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 

\par  6.____ \tab ASTRO PROFESSIONAL Program @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 $109.95.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Includes Printed Manual, Does Not Include Text or Report Customization Tools)}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Order Code 1047)}{
\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  7.____ \tab ASTRO PROFESSIONAL Package (4 & 6) @ }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 $129.95.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Includes Printed Manual, and Text and Report Customization Tools) }{\b\i\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Save $5 }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
 (Order Code 1046)}{\b\i\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 .}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  8.____\tab 33,000 Location Database @ $79.95 }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  (Order Code 1034)}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 .\tab 
\par \tab \tab }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Subtotal:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  \tab $___________
\par }{\b\f1\insrsid14095440 SHIPPING:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par  ____Disk Only Order (2) $1.50 U.S. & Canada, $3.50 International.
\par  ____Disk & Manuals $3.50 U.S. & Canada, $6.00 International.
\par  ____Express Mail U.S. $15.00, International $25.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 \tab     \tab        }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 Shipping:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  \tab $___________
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440                                                 Sales Tax}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  8-1/4% If Shipped To New York:  \tab $___________
\par \tab \tab }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 GRAND TOTAL:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 \tab $___________
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx810\tx5220\tx6840\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440  Where Did you Receive ASTRO or hear about it?_____________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par Comments:___________________________________________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par  ____________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par  What Features Do You Need that are not Provided?_________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par  Description }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13461193 o}{\f1\fs20\insrsid14095440 f Computer and Hardware___________________________________________
\par ___________________________________________________________________________
\par ____________________________________________________________________________ 
\par ____________________________________________________________________________
\par }}