{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\lang1033\f0\fs28 README.RTF--Shareware License and Registration\fs24\par
\b\fs36  LICENSE FOR USE:\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs28  Shareware Trial Edition.\b0\fs24\par
\pard\par
\pard\qc\b WARNING! THIS IS NOT FREE OR PUBLIC DOMAIN SOFTWARE. \par
THIS IS A COPYRIGHTED COMMERCIALLY PUBLISHED PROGRAM.\par
\pard\b0\par
\b WHAT IS SHAREWARE?\b0\par
\tab Shareware is a means of marketing Software at a reasonable price. Developers of Software use Shareware to distribute their products using Shareware because it provides a minimal advertising cost. Advertising costs money. In order to market a program on a retail basis, a developer typically needs to sell a minimum of 5000 copies a month. Shareware circumvents this somewhat and helps provide you the customer with a good value at a much lower price  than you would receive from a commercial source.\par
\tab In order for shareware to work, If users are actually using  a product, they must register. Developers can't continue to develop and improve products if customers don't register and upgrade. Running a small business costs money. If you enjoy using a shareware product, either register it or tell the developer what they can do to provide a product that you will register. If you don't register remove the product from your system and don't  use it. \par
\tab Shareware is not Free or Public Domain Software. You can't expect timely upgrades and fixes from Free or Public Domain Software. With a Product like ASTRO, if you register, and you there are problems I will do everything I can to see that the product works well for you. I will provide you as much assistance as I can. This unfortunately costs money. I can't do it without your registration.\par
\tab This software is provided for Trial Purposes Only! The purpose of this is to give you the user the opportunity to try out NUMERO UNO without having to buy it in order to try it. This version allows you to use all features of this version unimpaired. You are Entitled to Use this Shareware Version for Up\par
 to 30 days from purchase without Obligation. You may not use this  version for any Commercial Purpose. I will attempt to provide a\par
 minimal level of technical support to any caller who calls asking  for help without registration.\par
\tab When you register this program, I will send you the latest\par
 version of NUMERO UNO, free of limitations and reminders, complete with all utilities.\par
\tab Since this package is provided for trial purposes, you may copy the original .ZIP file  or disks you received as  many times as you wish, and upload, download it to your heart's content. The only thing I ask is to upload or copy the entire package intact, in the original ZIP file (provided you got this package\par
 on a web site) or disk form, and not change the program or any of the documentation.\par
\tab Unauthorized alterations versions to this package will be considered "Pirated" or hacked. This is to protect you the user from receiving a damaged files that may damage your system or disk. The cd-rom I send you once you register this program may not be copied, except for archival or backup purposes only.\par
\par
By registering you will be entitled to technical support and future upgrades at reasonable prices. If You are in a rush I can notify you of the password for your program till your Updated copy arrives.\par
\par
Payment of $29.95 or budget registration gets you a password which will turn off the registration screens and disclaimer at the top of reports. It also entitles you to notification of additional products and upgrades, and 90 days technical support. Use Order Code 1044. Once you are given the Password, there is a program that marks program as registered in the program group.\par
\par
Payment of $49.95 or Lite Registration gets you a fresh copy of NUMERO UNO, complete with a set of disks. The registered version includes the capability to edit the source text material. Use Order Code 1043.\par
\par
To Register, Print out the file README.WRI.\par
These files have a registration form in them. \par
Mail with A U.S. check or money order (Funds Drawn on a U.S. Bank Only) to: \par
\tab Northstar Solutions \par
\tab 1228 Westloop Pl. Suite 204\par
\tab Manhattan, KS 66502 \par
\par
Northstar Solutions acts as a registration agent for Christopher J. Noyes Software.\par
\par
If Ordering By Credit Card, FAX to 1-785-539-3743, e-mail this to starmail@Compuserve.com or call 1-800-699-6395 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst) or 1-785-539-3731 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst).  (NorthStar Solutions will be on your credit card statement). You may  also mail an order to\par
\tab Northstar Solutions \par
\tab 1228 Westloop Pl. Suite 204\par
\tab Manhattan, KS 66502 \par
\par
You may also pay with a credit card at the Christopher J. Noyes Software Web site http://www.cjnoyessw.com\par
\par
NOTE: International orders Must include appropriate postage. Orders Shipped To New York State MUST Include 8-1/4% Sales Tax. Orders Must Include Appropriate Shipping Cost See Below. \par
\par
Do Not Contact Northstar Solutions for Technical Support!\par
\par
If you have questions on these available versions or to recieve technical support on NUMERO UNO For Windows contact: \par
Christopher J. Noyes Software \par
244 West 103rd St #10, New York, NY 10025 \par
Phone (212) 662-4596\par
E-Mail: support@cjnoyessw.com\par
WWW: http://www.cjnoyessw.com\par
\par
\tab By registering you will be entitled to technical support and future upgrades at reasonable prices. If You are in a rush I can notify you of the password for your program till your Updated  copy arrives.   You may distribute the Shareware version of NUMERO UNO as long as you do not charge more than $5.00 per disk. A lot of hard work went into NUMERO UNO. In order to continue improving NUMERO UNO and providing extensions to it, you must register it. Without your support, I cannot afford to justify the expense and energy necessary, if you will not register and support this product.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Thanks in Advance,\par
\par
\par
 \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Christopher J. Noyes\par
\page\pard\qc\b\fs36 NUMERO UNO for Windows.\fs24\par
\fs28 THE PROGRAM FOR NUMEROLOGICAL ANALYSIS\fs24\par
REGISTRATION AND ORDER FORM:\b0\par
\pard To Order Only: Complete and Mail with A U.S. check or money order (Funds Drawn on a U.S. Bank Only) to: NorthStar Solutions 1228 Westloop Pl, Suite 204, Manhattan, KS 66502 If Ordering By Credit Card (VISA, MasterCard or Discover), FAX to 1-785-539-3743, e-mail this to starmail@Compuserve.com or call 1-800-699-6395 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst) or 1-785-539-3731 (9:00 am - 7:00 pm cst). (NorthStar Solutions will be on your credit card statement) Please use order codes when ordering by phone. \par
\par
You may also register at http://www.cjnoyessw.com\par
\par
NOTE: International orders Must include appropriate postage. Orders Shipped To New York State MUST Include 8-1/4% Sales Tax. Orders Must Include Appropriate Shipping Cost See Below.  VISA & Mastercard Accepted.\par
\par
Do Not Contact NorthStar Solutions for Technical Support!\f1\fs20\par
\par
\f2 Name:_______________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Address:_____________________________________________________________________\par
\par
City:_______________________________________________State:________Zip:__________\par
\par
Telephone and time there:_______________________________________________________\par
\par
I Enclose a Payment for $__________________. I am enclosing the\par
 appropriate shipping and sales tax as required.\par
Payment: Check ____  Money Order ___  VISA ____ MasterCard ____ \par
Account Number:|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|___|\par
Signature:____________________________________________ Expires: |___|___/___|___\par
Exact Name as it Appears on Card: ________________________________________________\par
\par
DISK SIZE  3-1/2" (1.44MB) __________\par
\par
\par
 I WANT...(See README.WRI or REGISTER.WRI for Explanation of Options)\par
              \par
\par
 1.____ \tab Register Only. @ $29.95 (Order Code 1044).\par
\par
 2.____ \tab Complete NUMERO UNO Package (This version) @49.95 (Order Code 1043),\par
\tab\tab Subtotal: \tab $___________\par
SHIPPING:\par
\par
 ____Disk Only Order (2) $1.50 U.S. & Canada, $3.50 International.\par
\par
 ____Express Mail U.S. $15.00, International $25.\par
\tab     \tab        Shipping: \tab $___________\par
                                                Sales Tax 8-1/4% If Shipped To New York:  \tab $___________\par
\tab\tab GRAND TOTAL:\tab $___________\par
\par
\par
 Where Did you Receive NUMERO UNO or hear about it?_____________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
Comments:___________________________________________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
 ____________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\par
 What Features Do You Need that are not Provided?_________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\par
 Description Of Computer and Hardware___________________________________________\par
___________________________________________________________________________\par
____________________________________________________________________________ \par
____________________________________________________________________________\f1\par
\par
}
 